## Learning Objectives

By the end of this section, you will be able to:

  * Identify the most important hormones produced by the testes and ovaries
  * Name the hormones produced by the placenta and state their functions

This section briefly discusses the hormonal role of the gonads—the testes and
ovaries—which produce the sex cells (sperm and ova) and secrete the gonadal
hormones. The roles of the gonadotropins released from the anterior pituitary
(FSH and LH) were discussed earlier.

The primary hormone produced by the testes is testosterone, a steroid hormone
important in the development of the testicular reproductive system, the
maturation of sperm cells, and the development of secondary sex
characteristics such as a deepened voice, body hair, and increased muscle
mass. Interestingly, testosterone is also produced in the ovaries, but at a
much reduced level. In addition, the testes produce the peptide hormone
inhibin, which inhibits the secretion of FSH from the anterior pituitary
gland. FSH stimulates spermatogenesis.

The primary hormones produced by the ovaries are estrogens, which include
estradiol, estriol, and estrone. Estrogens play an important role in a larger
number of physiological processes, including the development of the ovarian
reproductive system, regulation of the menstrual cycle, the development of
secondary sex characteristics such as increased adipose tissue and the
development of breast tissue, and the maintenance of pregnancy. Another
significant ovarian hormone is progesterone, which contributes to regulation
of the menstrual cycle and is important in preparing the body for pregnancy as
well as maintaining pregnancy. In addition, the granulosa cells of the ovarian
follicles produce inhibin, which inhibits the secretion of FSH.During the
initial stages of pregnancy, an organ called the placenta develops within the
uterus. The placenta supplies oxygen and nutrients to the fetus, excretes
waste products, and produces and secretes estrogens and progesterone. The
placenta produces human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) as well. The hCG hormone
promotes progesterone synthesis and reduces the mother’s immune function to
protect the fetus from immune rejection. It also secretes human placental
lactogen (hPL), which plays a role in preparing the breasts for lactation, and
relaxin, which is thought to help soften and widen the pubic symphysis in
preparation for childbirth. The hormones controlling reproduction are
summarized in Table 17.6.

Reproductive Hormones

Gonad | Associated hormones | Chemical class | Effect  
---|---|---|---  
Testes | Testosterone | Steroid | Stimulates development of secondary sex characteristics and sperm production  
Testes | Inhibin | Protein | Inhibits FSH release from pituitary  
Ovaries | Estrogens and progesterone | Steroid | Stimulate development of secondary sex characteristics and prepare the body for childbirth  
Placenta | Human chorionic gonadotropin | Protein | Promotes progesterone synthesis during pregnancy and inhibits immune response against fetus  
  
Table  17.6

##  Everyday Connection

###  Anabolic Steroids

The endocrine system can be exploited for illegal or unethical purposes. A
prominent example of this is the use of steroid drugs by professional
athletes.

Commonly used for performance enhancement, anabolic steroids are synthetic
versions of the sex hormone, testosterone. By boosting natural levels of this
hormone, athletes experience increased muscle mass. Synthetic versions of
human growth hormone are also used to build muscle mass.

The use of performance-enhancing drugs is banned by all major collegiate and
professional sports organizations in the United States because they impart an
unfair advantage to athletes who take them. In addition, the drugs can cause
significant and dangerous side effects. For example, anabolic steroid use can
increase cholesterol levels, raise blood pressure, and damage the liver.
Altered testosterone levels (both too low or too high) have been implicated in
causing structural damage to the heart, and increasing the risk for cardiac
arrhythmias, heart attacks, congestive heart failure, and sudden death.
Paradoxically, steroids can have effects, including shriveled testicles and
enlarged breast tissue. In females, their use can cause effects such as an
enlarged clitoris and growth of facial hair. In all people, their use can
promote increased aggression (commonly known as “roid-rage”), depression,
sleep disturbances, severe acne, and infertility.

