## Learning Objectives

By the end of this section, you will be able to:

  * Describe the structure and function of the organs of the ovarian reproductive system
  * List the steps of oogenesis
  * Describe the hormonal changes that occur during the ovarian and menstrual cycles
  * Trace the path of an oocyte from ovary to fertilization

The female, or ovarian, reproductive system functions to produce gametes and
reproductive hormones, just like the male reproductive system; however, it
also has the additional task of supporting the developing fetus and delivering
it to the outside world. Unlike its male counterpart, the female reproductive
system is located primarily inside the pelvic cavity (Figure 27.9). Recall
that the ovaries are the female gonads. The gamete they produce is called an
oocyte. We’ll discuss the production of oocytes in detail shortly. First,
let’s look at some of the structures of the female reproductive system.

![This figure shows the structure and the different organs in the female
reproductive system. The top panel shows the lateral view and the bottom panel
shows the anterior view.
](data:image/jpeg;base64,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)

Figure  27.9 Female Reproductive System  The major organs of the female
reproductive system are located inside the pelvic cavity.

## External Female Genitals

The external female reproductive structures are referred to collectively as
the vulva (Figure 27.10). The mons pubis is a pad of fat that is located at
the anterior, over the pubic bone. After puberty, it becomes covered in pubic
hair. The labia majora (labia = “lips”; majora = “larger”) are folds of hair-
covered skin that begin just posterior to the mons pubis. The thinner and more
pigmented labia minora (labia = “lips”; minora = “smaller”) extend medial to
the labia majora. Although they naturally vary in shape and size from person
to person, the labia minora serve to protect the urethra and the entrance to
the reproductive tract.

The superior, anterior portions of the labia minora come together to encircle
the clitoris (or glans clitoris), an organ that originates from the same cells
as the glans penis and has abundant nerves that make it important in sexual
sensation and orgasm. The hymen is a thin membrane that sometimes partially
covers the entrance to the vagina. An intact hymen cannot be used as an
indication of “virginity”; even at birth, this is only a partial membrane, as
menstrual fluid and other secretions must be able to exit the body, regardless
of penile–vaginal intercourse. The vaginal opening is located between the
opening of the urethra and the anus. It is flanked by outlets to the
Bartholin’s glands (or greater vestibular glands).

![This figure shows the parts of the vulva. The right panel shows the external
anterior view and the left panel shows the internal anteriolateral view. The
major parts are labeled.
](data:image/jpeg;base64,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)

Figure  27.10 The Vulva  The external female genitalia are referred to
collectively as the vulva.

## Vagina

The vagina, shown at the bottom of Figure 27.9 and Figure 27.10, is a muscular
canal (approximately 10 cm long) that serves as the entrance to the
reproductive tract. It also serves as the exit from the uterus during menses
and childbirth. The outer walls of the anterior and posterior vagina are
formed into longitudinal columns, or ridges, and the superior portion of the
vagina—called the fornix—meets the protruding uterine cervix. The walls of the
vagina are lined with an outer, fibrous adventitia; a middle layer of smooth
muscle; and an inner mucous membrane with transverse folds called rugae.
Together, the middle and inner layers allow the expansion of the vagina to
accommodate intercourse and childbirth. The thin, perforated hymen can
partially surround the opening to the vaginal orifice. The hymen can be
ruptured with strenuous physical exercise, penile–vaginal intercourse, and
childbirth. The Bartholin’s glands and the lesser vestibular glands (located
near the clitoris) secrete mucus, which keeps the vestibular area moist.

The vagina is home to a normal population of microorganisms that help to
protect against infection by pathogenic bacteria, yeast, or other organisms
that can enter the vagina. In a healthy person, the most predominant type of
vaginal bacteria is from the genus _Lactobacillus_. This family of beneficial
bacterial flora secretes lactic acid, and thus protects the vagina by
maintaining an acidic pH (below 4.5). Potential pathogens are less likely to
survive in these acidic conditions. Lactic acid, in combination with other
vaginal secretions, makes the vagina a self-cleansing organ. However,
douching—or washing out the vagina with fluid—can disrupt the normal balance
of healthy microorganisms, and actually increase risk for infections and
irritation. Indeed, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists
recommend that people do not douche, and that they allow the vagina to
maintain its normal healthy population of protective microbial flora.

## Ovaries

The ovaries are the female gonads (see Figure 27.9). Paired ovals, they are
each about 2 to 3 cm in length, about the size of an almond. The ovaries are
located within the pelvic cavity, and are supported by the mesovarium, an
extension of the peritoneum that connects the ovaries to the broad ligament.
Extending from the mesovarium itself is the suspensory ligament that contains
the ovarian blood and lymph vessels. Finally, the ovary itself is attached to
the uterus via the ovarian ligament.

The ovary comprises an outer covering of cuboidal epithelium called the
ovarian surface epithelium that is superficial to a dense connective tissue
covering called the tunica albuginea. Beneath the tunica albuginea is the
cortex, or outer portion, of the organ. The cortex is composed of a tissue
framework called the ovarian stroma that forms the bulk of the adult ovary.
Oocytes develop within the outer layer of this stroma, each surrounded by
supporting cells. This grouping of an oocyte and its supporting cells is
called a follicle. The growth and development of ovarian follicles will be
described shortly. Beneath the cortex lies the inner ovarian medulla, the site
of blood vessels, lymph vessels, and the nerves of the ovary. You will learn
more about the overall anatomy of the female reproductive system at the end of
this section.

## The Ovarian Cycle

The ovarian cycle is a set of predictable changes in oocytes and ovarian
follicles. During the reproductive years, it is a roughly 28-day cycle that
can be correlated with, but is not the same as, the menstrual cycle (discussed
shortly). The cycle includes two interrelated processes: oogenesis (the
production of gametes) and folliculogenesis (the growth and development of
ovarian follicles).

### Oogenesis

Gametogenesis in females is called oogenesis. The process begins with the
ovarian stem cells, or oogonia (Figure 27.11). Oogonia are formed during fetal
development, and divide via mitosis, much like spermatogonia in the testis.
Unlike spermatogonia, however, oogonia form primary oocytes in the fetal ovary
prior to birth. These primary oocytes are then arrested in this stage of
meiosis I, only to resume it years later, beginning at puberty and continuing
until the person is near menopause (the cessation of a female's reproductive
functions). The number of primary oocytes present in the ovaries declines from
one to two million in an infant, to approximately 400,000 at puberty, to zero
by the end of menopause.

The initiation of ovulation—the release of an oocyte from the ovary—marks the
transition from puberty into reproductive maturity. From then on, throughout a
the reproductive years, ovulation occurs approximately once every 28 days.
Just prior to ovulation, a surge of luteinizing hormone triggers the
resumption of meiosis in a primary oocyte. This initiates the transition from
primary to secondary oocyte. However, as you can see in Figure 27.11, this
cell division does not result in two identical cells. Instead, the cytoplasm
is divided unequally, and one daughter cell is much larger than the other.
This larger cell, the secondary oocyte, eventually leaves the ovary during
ovulation. The smaller cell, called the first polar body, may or may not
complete meiosis and produce second polar bodies; in either case, it
eventually disintegrates. Therefore, even though oogenesis produces up to four
cells, only one survives.

Figure  27.11 Oogenesis  The unequal cell division of oogenesis produces one
to three polar bodies that later degrade, as well as a single haploid ovum,
which is produced only if there is penetration of the secondary oocyte by a
sperm cell.

How does the diploid secondary oocyte become an ovum—the haploid female
gamete? Meiosis of a secondary oocyte is completed only if a sperm succeeds in
penetrating its barriers. Meiosis II then resumes, producing one haploid ovum
that, at the instant of fertilization by a (haploid) sperm, becomes the first
diploid cell of the new offspring (a zygote). Thus, the ovum can be thought of
as a brief, transitional, haploid stage between the diploid oocyte and diploid
zygote.

The larger amount of cytoplasm contained in the female gamete is used to
supply the developing zygote with nutrients during the period between
fertilization and implantation into the uterus. Interestingly, sperm
contribute only DNA at fertilization —not cytoplasm. Therefore, the cytoplasm
and all of the cytoplasmic organelles in the developing embryo are of egg-
derived origin. This includes mitochondria, which contain their own DNA.
Scientific research in the 1980s determined that mitochondrial DNA was
maternally inherited, meaning that you can trace your mitochondrial DNA
directly to your biological mother, her mother, and so on back through your
female ancestors.

##  Everyday Connection

###  Mapping Human History with Mitochondrial DNA

When we talk about human DNA, we’re usually referring to nuclear DNA; that is,
the DNA coiled into chromosomal bundles in the nucleus of our cells. We
inherit half of our nuclear DNA from one parent, and half from the other
parent. However, mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) comes only from the mitochondria in
the cytoplasm of the fat ovum we inherit from our mother. Our mother received
mtDNA from their mother, who got it from their mother, and so on. Each of our
cells contains approximately 1700 mitochondria, with each mitochondrion packed
with mtDNA containing approximately 37 genes.

Mutations (changes) in mtDNA occur spontaneously in a somewhat organized
pattern at regular intervals in human history. By analyzing these mutational
relationships, researchers have been able to determine that we can all trace
our ancestry back to one female who lived in Africa about 200,000 years ago.
More precisely, that human is our most recent common ancestor through
matrilineal descent.

This doesn’t mean that everyone’s mtDNA today looks exactly like that of our
common ancestor. Because of the spontaneous mutations in mtDNA that have
occurred over the centuries, researchers can map different “branches” off of
the “main trunk” of our mtDNA family tree. Your mtDNA might have a pattern of
mutations that aligns more closely with one branch, and your neighbor’s may
align with another branch. Still, all branches eventually lead back to the
common ancestor.

But what happened to the mtDNA of all of the other _Homo sapiens_ females who
were living 200,000 years ago? Researchers explain that, over the centuries,
their female descendants died childless or with only male children, and thus,
their maternal line—and its mtDNA—ended.

### Folliculogenesis

Again, ovarian follicles are oocytes and their supporting cells. They grow and
develop in a process called folliculogenesis, which typically leads to
ovulation of one follicle approximately every 28 days, along with death to
multiple other follicles. The death of ovarian follicles is called atresia,
and can occur at any point during follicular development. Recall that, a
female infant at birth will have one to two million oocytes within the ovarian
follicles, and that this number declines throughout life until menopause, when
no follicles remain. As you’ll see next, follicles progress from primordial,
to primary, to secondary and tertiary stages prior to ovulation—with the
oocyte inside the follicle remaining as a primary oocyte until right before
ovulation.

Folliculogenesis begins with follicles in a resting state. These small
primordial follicles are present in newborn females and are the prevailing
follicle type in the adult ovary (Figure 27.12). Primordial follicles have
only a single flat layer of support cells, called granulosa cells, that
surround the oocyte, and they can stay in this resting state for years—some
until right before menopause.

After puberty, a few primordial follicles will respond to a recruitment signal
each day, and will join a pool of immature growing follicles called primary
follicles. Primary follicles start with a single layer of granulosa cells, but
the granulosa cells then become active and transition from a flat or squamous
shape to a rounded, cuboidal shape as they increase in size and proliferate.
As the granulosa cells divide, the follicles—now called secondary follicles
(see Figure 27.12)—increase in diameter, adding a new outer layer of
connective tissue, blood vessels, and theca cells—cells that work with the
granulosa cells to produce estrogens.

Within the growing secondary follicle, the primary oocyte now secretes a thin
acellular membrane called the zona pellucida that will play a critical role in
fertilization. A thick fluid, called follicular fluid, that has formed between
the granulosa cells also begins to collect into one large pool, or antrum.
Follicles in which the antrum has become large and fully formed are considered
tertiary follicles (or antral follicles). Several follicles reach the tertiary
stage at the same time, and most of these will undergo atresia. The one that
does not die will continue to grow and develop until ovulation, when it will
expel its secondary oocyte surrounded by several layers of granulosa cells
from the ovary. Keep in mind that most follicles don’t make it to this point.
In fact, roughly 99 percent of the follicles in the ovary will undergo
atresia, which can occur at any stage of folliculogenesis.

Figure  27.12 Folliculogenesis  (a) The maturation of a follicle is shown in a
clockwise direction proceeding from the primordial follicles. FSH stimulates
the growth of a tertiary follicle, and LH stimulates the production of
estrogen by granulosa and theca cells. Once the follicle is mature, it
ruptures and releases the oocyte. Cells remaining in the follicle then develop
into the corpus luteum. (b) In this electron micrograph of a secondary
follicle, the oocyte, theca cells (thecae folliculi), and developing antrum
are clearly visible. EM × 1100. (Micrograph provided by the Regents of
University of Michigan Medical School © 2012)

### Hormonal Control of the Ovarian Cycle

The process of development that we have just described, from primordial
follicle to early tertiary follicle, takes approximately two months in humans.
The final stages of development of a small cohort of tertiary follicles,
ending with ovulation of a secondary oocyte, occur over a course of
approximately 28 days. These changes are regulated by many of the same
hormones that regulate the male reproductive system, including GnRH, LH, and
FSH.

As in males, the hypothalamus produces GnRH, a hormone that signals the
anterior pituitary gland to produce the gonadotropins FSH and LH (Figure
27.13). These gonadotropins leave the pituitary and travel through the
bloodstream to the ovaries, where they bind to receptors on the granulosa and
theca cells of the follicles. FSH stimulates the follicles to grow (hence its
name of follicle-stimulating hormone), and the five or six tertiary follicles
expand in diameter. The release of LH also stimulates the granulosa and theca
cells of the follicles to produce the sex steroid hormone estradiol, a type of
estrogen. This phase of the ovarian cycle, when the tertiary follicles are
growing and secreting estrogen, is known as the follicular phase.

The more granulosa and theca cells a follicle has (that is, the larger and
more developed it is), the more estrogen it will produce in response to LH
stimulation. As a result of these large follicles producing large amounts of
estrogen, systemic plasma estrogen concentrations increase. Following a
classic negative feedback loop, the high concentrations of estrogen will
stimulate the hypothalamus and pituitary to reduce the production of GnRH, LH,
and FSH. Because the large tertiary follicles require FSH to grow and survive
at this point, this decline in FSH caused by negative feedback leads most of
them to die (atresia). Typically only one follicle, now called the dominant
follicle, will survive this reduction in FSH, and this follicle will be the
one that releases an oocyte. Scientists have studied many factors that lead to
a particular follicle becoming dominant: size, the number of granulosa cells,
and the number of FSH receptors on those granulosa cells all contribute to a
follicle becoming the one surviving dominant follicle.

Figure  27.13 Hormonal Regulation of Ovulation  The hypothalamus and pituitary
gland regulate the ovarian cycle and ovulation. GnRH activates the anterior
pituitary to produce LH and FSH, which stimulate the production of estrogen
and progesterone by the ovaries.

When only the one dominant follicle remains in the ovary, it again begins to
secrete estrogen. It produces more estrogen than all of the developing
follicles did together before the negative feedback occurred. It produces so
much estrogen that the normal negative feedback doesn’t occur. Instead, these
extremely high concentrations of systemic plasma estrogen trigger a regulatory
switch in the anterior pituitary that responds by secreting large amounts of
LH and FSH into the bloodstream (see Figure 27.13). The positive feedback loop
by which more estrogen triggers release of more LH and FSH only occurs at this
point in the cycle.

It is this large burst of LH (called the LH surge) that leads to ovulation of
the dominant follicle. The LH surge induces many changes in the dominant
follicle, including stimulating the resumption of meiosis of the primary
oocyte to a secondary oocyte. As noted earlier, the polar body that results
from unequal cell division simply degrades. The LH surge also triggers
proteases (enzymes that cleave proteins) to break down structural proteins in
the ovary wall on the surface of the bulging dominant follicle. This
degradation of the wall, combined with pressure from the large, fluid-filled
antrum, results in the expulsion of the oocyte surrounded by granulosa cells
into the peritoneal cavity. This release is ovulation.

In the next section, you will follow the ovulated oocyte as it travels toward
the uterus, but there is one more important event that occurs in the ovarian
cycle. The surge of LH also stimulates a change in the granulosa and theca
cells that remain in the follicle after the oocyte has been ovulated. This
change is called luteinization (recall that the full name of LH is luteinizing
hormone), and it transforms the collapsed follicle into a new endocrine
structure called the corpus luteum, a term meaning “yellowish body” (see
Figure 27.12). Instead of estrogen, the luteinized granulosa and theca cells
of the corpus luteum begin to produce large amounts of the sex steroid hormone
progesterone, a hormone that is critical for the establishment and maintenance
of pregnancy. Progesterone triggers negative feedback at the hypothalamus and
pituitary, which keeps GnRH, LH, and FSH secretions low, so no new dominant
follicles develop at this time.

The post-ovulatory phase of progesterone secretion is known as the luteal
phase of the ovarian cycle. If pregnancy does not occur within 10 to 12 days,
the corpus luteum will stop secreting progesterone and degrade into the corpus
albicans, a nonfunctional “whitish body” that will disintegrate in the ovary
over a period of several months. During this time of reduced progesterone
secretion, FSH and LH are once again stimulated, and the follicular phase
begins again with a new cohort of early tertiary follicles beginning to grow
and secrete estrogen.

## The Uterine Tubes

The uterine tubes (also called fallopian tubes or oviducts) serve as the
conduit of the oocyte from the ovary to the uterus (Figure 27.14). Each of the
two uterine tubes is close to, but not directly connected to, the ovary and
divided into sections. The isthmus is the narrow medial end of each uterine
tube that is connected to the uterus. The wide distal infundibulum flares out
with slender, finger-like projections called fimbriae. The middle region of
the tube, called the ampulla, is where fertilization often occurs. The uterine
tubes also have three layers: an outer serosa, a middle smooth muscle layer,
and an inner mucosal layer. In addition to its mucus-secreting cells, the
inner mucosa contains ciliated cells that beat in the direction of the uterus,
producing a current that will be critical to move the oocyte.

Following ovulation, the secondary oocyte surrounded by a few granulosa cells
is released into the peritoneal cavity. The nearby uterine tube, either left
or right, receives the oocyte. Unlike sperm, oocytes lack flagella, and
therefore cannot move on their own. So how do they travel into the uterine
tube and toward the uterus? High concentrations of estrogen that occur around
the time of ovulation induce contractions of the smooth muscle along the
length of the uterine tube. These contractions occur every 4 to 8 seconds, and
the result is a coordinated movement that sweeps the surface of the ovary and
the pelvic cavity. Current flowing toward the uterus is generated by
coordinated beating of the cilia that line the outside and lumen of the length
of the uterine tube. These cilia beat more strongly in response to the high
estrogen concentrations that occur around the time of ovulation. As a result
of these mechanisms, the oocyte–granulosa cell complex is pulled into the
interior of the tube. Once inside, the muscular contractions and beating cilia
move the oocyte slowly toward the uterus. When fertilization does occur, sperm
typically meet the egg while it is still moving through the ampulla.

##  Interactive Link

###  Interactive Link

Watch this [ _video_](http://openstax.org/l/ovulation) to observe ovulation
and its initiation in response to the release of FSH and LH from the pituitary
gland. What specialized structures help guide the oocyte from the ovary into
the uterine tube?

If the oocyte is successfully fertilized, the resulting zygote will begin to
divide into two cells, then four, and so on, as it makes its way through the
uterine tube and into the uterus. There, it will implant and continue to grow.
If the egg is not fertilized, it will simply degrade—either in the uterine
tube or in the uterus, where it may be shed with the next menstrual period.

Figure  27.14 Ovaries, Uterine Tubes, and Uterus  This anterior view shows the
relationship of the ovaries, uterine tubes (oviducts), and uterus. Sperm enter
through the vagina, and fertilization of an ovulated oocyte usually occurs in
the distal uterine tube. From left to right, LM × 400, LM × 20. (Micrographs
provided by the Regents of University of Michigan Medical School © 2012)

The open-ended structure of the uterine tubes can have significant health
consequences if bacteria or other contagions enter through the vagina and move
through the uterus, into the tubes, and then into the pelvic cavity. If this
is left unchecked, a bacterial infection (sepsis) could quickly become life-
threatening. The spread of an infection in this manner is of special concern
when unskilled practitioners perform abortions in non-sterile conditions.
Sepsis is also associated with sexually transmitted bacterial infections,
especially gonorrhea and chlamydia. These increase a person's risk for pelvic
inflammatory disease (PID), infection of the uterine tubes or other
reproductive organs. Even when resolved, PID can leave scar tissue in the
tubes, leading to infertility.

##  Interactive Link

###  Interactive Link

Watch this [_video_](http://openstax.org/l/oocyte) to look at the movement of
the oocyte through the ovary. The cilia in the uterine tube promote movement
of the oocyte. What would likely occur if the cilia were paralyzed at the time
of ovulation?

## The Uterus and Cervix

The uterus is the muscular organ that nourishes and supports the growing
embryo (see Figure 27.14). Its average size is approximately 5 cm wide by 7 cm
long (approximately 2 in by 3 in) when a female is not pregnant. It has three
sections. The portion of the uterus superior to the opening of the uterine
tubes is called the fundus. The middle section of the uterus is called the
body of uterus (or corpus). The cervix is the narrow inferior portion of the
uterus that projects into the vagina. The cervix produces mucus secretions
that become thin and stringy under the influence of high systemic plasma
estrogen concentrations, and these secretions can facilitate sperm movement
through the reproductive tract.

Several ligaments maintain the position of the uterus within the
abdominopelvic cavity. The broad ligament is a fold of peritoneum that serves
as a primary support for the uterus, extending laterally from both sides of
the uterus and attaching it to the pelvic wall. The round ligament attaches to
the uterus near the uterine tubes, and extends to the labia majora. Finally,
the uterosacral ligament stabilizes the uterus posteriorly by its connection
from the cervix to the pelvic wall.

The wall of the uterus is made up of three layers. The most superficial layer
is the serous membrane, or perimetrium, which consists of epithelial tissue
that covers the exterior portion of the uterus. The middle layer, or
myometrium, is a thick layer of smooth muscle responsible for uterine
contractions. Most of the uterus is myometrial tissue, and the muscle fibers
run horizontally, vertically, and diagonally, allowing the powerful
contractions that occur during labor and the less powerful contractions (or
cramps) that help to expel menstrual blood during a woman’s period. Anteriorly
directed myometrial contractions also occur near the time of ovulation, and
are thought to possibly facilitate the transport of sperm through the female
reproductive tract.

The innermost layer of the uterus is called the endometrium. The endometrium
contains a connective tissue lining, the lamina propria, which is covered by
epithelial tissue that lines the lumen. Structurally, the endometrium consists
of two layers: the stratum basalis and the stratum functionalis (the basal and
functional layers). The stratum basalis layer is part of the lamina propria
and is adjacent to the myometrium; this layer does not shed during menses. In
contrast, the thicker stratum functionalis layer contains the glandular
portion of the lamina propria and the endothelial tissue that lines the
uterine lumen. It is the stratum functionalis that grows and thickens in
response to increased levels of estrogen and progesterone. In the luteal phase
of the menstrual cycle, special branches off of the uterine artery called
spiral arteries supply the thickened stratum functionalis. This inner
functional layer provides the proper site of implantation for the fertilized
egg, and—should fertilization not occur—it is only the stratum functionalis
layer of the endometrium that sheds during menstruation.

Recall that during the follicular phase of the ovarian cycle, the tertiary
follicles are growing and secreting estrogen. At the same time, the stratum
functionalis of the endometrium is thickening to prepare for a potential
implantation. The post-ovulatory increase in progesterone, which characterizes
the luteal phase, is key for maintaining a thick stratum functionalis. As long
as a functional corpus luteum is present in the ovary, the endometrial lining
is prepared for implantation. Indeed, if an embryo implants, signals are sent
to the corpus luteum to continue secreting progesterone to maintain the
endometrium, and thus maintain the pregnancy. If an embryo does not implant,
no signal is sent to the corpus luteum and it degrades, ceasing progesterone
production and ending the luteal phase. Without progesterone, the endometrium
thins and, under the influence of prostaglandins, the spiral arteries of the
endometrium constrict and rupture, preventing oxygenated blood from reaching
the endometrial tissue. As a result, endometrial tissue dies and blood, pieces
of the endometrial tissue, and white blood cells are shed through the vagina
during menstruation, or the menses. The first menses after puberty, called
menarche, can occur either before or after the first ovulation.

## The Menstrual Cycle

Now that we have discussed the maturation of the cohort of tertiary follicles
in the ovary, the build-up and then shedding of the endometrial lining in the
uterus, and the function of the uterine tubes and vagina, we can put
everything together to talk about the three phases of the menstrual cycle—the
series of changes in which the uterine lining is shed, rebuilds, and prepares
for implantation.

The timing of the menstrual cycle starts with the first day of menses,
referred to as day one of a period. Cycle length is determined by counting the
days between the onset of bleeding in two subsequent cycles. Because the
average length of a menstrual cycle is 28 days, this is the time period used
to identify the timing of events in the cycle. However, the length of the
menstrual cycle varies, and even in the same person from one cycle to the
next, typically from 21 to 32 days.

Just as the hormones produced by the granulosa and theca cells of the ovary
“drive” the follicular and luteal phases of the ovarian cycle, they also
control the three distinct phases of the menstrual cycle. These are the menses
phase, the proliferative phase, and the secretory phase.

### Menses Phase

The menses phase of the menstrual cycle is the phase during which the lining
is shed; that is, the days that the person menstruates. Although it averages
approximately five days, the menses phase can last from 2 to 7 days, or
longer. As shown in Figure 27.15, the menses phase occurs during the early
days of the follicular phase of the ovarian cycle, when progesterone, FSH, and
LH levels are low. Recall that progesterone concentrations decline as a result
of the degradation of the corpus luteum, marking the end of the luteal phase.
This decline in progesterone triggers the shedding of the stratum functionalis
of the endometrium.

Figure  27.15 Hormone Levels in Ovarian and Menstrual Cycles  The correlation
of the hormone levels and their effects on the female reproductive system is
shown in this timeline of the ovarian and menstrual cycles. The menstrual
cycle begins at day one with the start of menses. Ovulation occurs around day
14 of a 28-day cycle, triggered by the LH surge.

### Proliferative Phase

Once menstrual flow ceases, the endometrium begins to proliferate again,
marking the beginning of the proliferative phase of the menstrual cycle (see
Figure 27.15). It occurs when the granulosa and theca cells of the tertiary
follicles begin to produce increased amounts of estrogen. These rising
estrogen concentrations stimulate the endometrial lining to rebuild.

Recall that the high estrogen concentrations will eventually lead to a
decrease in FSH as a result of negative feedback, resulting in atresia of all
but one of the developing tertiary follicles. The switch to positive
feedback—which occurs with the elevated estrogen production from the dominant
follicle—then stimulates the LH surge that will trigger ovulation. In a
typical 28-day menstrual cycle, ovulation occurs on day 14. Ovulation marks
the end of the proliferative phase as well as the end of the follicular phase.

### Secretory Phase

In addition to prompting the LH surge, high estrogen levels increase the
uterine tube contractions that facilitate the pick-up and transfer of the
ovulated oocyte. High estrogen levels also slightly decrease the acidity of
the vagina, making it more hospitable to sperm. In the ovary, the
luteinization of the granulosa cells of the collapsed follicle forms the
progesterone-producing corpus luteum, marking the beginning of the luteal
phase of the ovarian cycle. In the uterus, progesterone from the corpus luteum
begins the secretory phase of the menstrual cycle, in which the endometrial
lining prepares for implantation (see Figure 27.15). Over the next 10 to 12
days, the endometrial glands secrete a fluid rich in glycogen. If
fertilization has occurred, this fluid will nourish the ball of cells now
developing from the zygote. At the same time, the spiral arteries develop to
provide blood to the thickened stratum functionalis.

If no pregnancy occurs within approximately 10 to 12 days, the corpus luteum
will degrade into the corpus albicans. Levels of both estrogen and
progesterone will fall, and the endometrium will grow thinner. Prostaglandins
will be secreted that cause constriction of the spiral arteries, reducing
oxygen supply. The endometrial tissue will die, resulting in menses—or the
first day of the next cycle.

##  Disorders of the...

###  Female Reproductive System

Research over many years has confirmed that cervical cancer is most often
caused by a sexually transmitted infection with human papillomavirus (HPV).
There are over 100 related viruses in the HPV family, and the characteristics
of each strain determine the outcome of the infection. In all cases, the virus
enters body cells and uses its own genetic material to take over the host
cell’s metabolic machinery and produce more virus particles.

HPV infections are common in all people. Indeed, a recent study determined
that 42.5 percent of females had HPV at the time of testing. These people
ranged in age from 14 to 59 years and differed in race, ethnicity, and number
of sexual partners. Of note, the prevalence of HPV infection was 53.8 percent
among females aged 20 to 24 years, the age group with the highest infection
rate.

HPV strains are classified as high or low risk according to their potential to
cause cancer. Though most HPV infections do not cause disease, the disruption
of normal cellular functions in the low-risk forms of HPV can cause the human
host to develop genital warts. Often, the body is able to clear an HPV
infection by normal immune responses within 2 years. However, the more
serious, high-risk infection by certain types of HPV can result in cancer of
the cervix (Figure 27.16). Infection with either of the cancer-causing
variants HPV 16 or HPV 18 has been linked to more than 70 percent of all
cervical cancer diagnoses. Although even these high-risk HPV strains can be
cleared from the body over time, infections persist in some individuals. If
this happens, the HPV infection can influence the cells of the cervix to
develop precancerous changes.

Risk factors for cervical cancer include having unprotected sex; having
multiple sexual partners; a first sexual experience at a younger age, when the
cells of the cervix are not fully mature; failure to receive the HPV vaccine;
a compromised immune system; and smoking. The risk of developing cervical
cancer is doubled with cigarette smoking.

Figure  27.16 Development of Cervical Cancer  In most cases, cells infected
with the HPV virus heal on their own. In some cases, however, the virus
continues to spread and becomes an invasive cancer.

When the high-risk types of HPV enter a cell, two viral proteins are used to
neutralize proteins that the host cells use as checkpoints in the cell cycle.
The best studied of these proteins is p53. In a normal cell, p53 detects DNA
damage in the cell’s genome and either halts the progression of the cell
cycle—allowing time for DNA repair to occur—or initiates apoptosis. Both of
these processes prevent the accumulation of mutations in a cell’s genome.
High-risk HPV can neutralize p53, keeping the cell in a state in which fast
growth is possible and impairing apoptosis, allowing mutations to accumulate
in the cellular DNA.

The prevalence of cervical cancer in the United States is very low because of
regular screening exams called pap smears. Pap smears sample cells of the
cervix, allowing the detection of abnormal cells. If pre-cancerous cells are
detected, there are several highly effective techniques that are currently in
use to remove them before they pose a danger. However, people in lower-income
countries often do not have access to regular pap smears. As a result, these
females in lower-income countries account for as many as 80 percent of the
cases of cervical cancer worldwide.

In 2006, the first vaccine against the high-risk types of HPV was approved.
There are now two HPV vaccines available: Gardasil® and Cervarix®. Whereas
these vaccines were initially only targeted for females, because HPV is
sexually transmitted, all people require vaccination for this approach to
achieve its maximum efficacy. A recent study suggests that the HPV vaccine has
cut the rates of HPV infection by the four targeted strains at least in half.
Unfortunately, the high cost of manufacturing the vaccine is currently
limiting access to many people worldwide.

## The Breasts

Whereas the breasts are located far from the other female reproductive organs,
they are considered accessory organs of the female reproductive system. The
function of the breasts is to supply milk to an infant in a process called
lactation. The external features of the breast include a nipple surrounded by
a pigmented areola (Figure 27.17), whose coloration may deepen during
pregnancy. The areola is typically circular and can vary in size from 25 to
100 mm in diameter. The areolar region is characterized by small, raised
areolar glands that secrete lubricating fluid during lactation to protect the
nipple from chafing. When a baby nurses, or draws milk from the breast, the
entire areolar region is taken into the mouth.

Breast milk is produced by the mammary glands, which are modified sweat
glands. The milk itself exits the breast through the nipple via 15 to 20
lactiferous ducts that open on the surface of the nipple. These lactiferous
ducts each extend to a lactiferous sinus that connects to a glandular lobe
within the breast itself that contains groups of milk-secreting cells in
clusters called alveoli (see Figure 27.17). The clusters can change in size
depending on the amount of milk in the alveolar lumen. Once milk is made in
the alveoli, stimulated myoepithelial cells that surround the alveoli contract
to push the milk to the lactiferous sinuses. From here, the baby can draw milk
through the lactiferous ducts by suckling. The lobes themselves are surrounded
by fat tissue, which determines the size of the breast; breast size differs
between individuals and does not affect the amount of milk produced.
Supporting the breasts are multiple bands of connective tissue called
suspensory ligaments that connect the breast tissue to the dermis of the
overlying skin.

Figure  27.17 Anatomy of the Breast  During lactation, milk moves from the
alveoli through the lactiferous ducts to the nipple.

During the normal hormonal fluctuations in the menstrual cycle, breast tissue
responds to changing levels of estrogen and progesterone, which can lead to
swelling and breast tenderness in some individuals, especially during the
secretory phase. If pregnancy occurs, the increase in hormones leads to
further development of the mammary tissue and enlargement of the breasts.

## Hormonal Birth Control

Birth control pills take advantage of the negative feedback system that
regulates the ovarian and menstrual cycles to stop ovulation and prevent
pregnancy. Typically they work by providing a constant level of both estrogen
and progesterone, which negatively feeds back onto the hypothalamus and
pituitary, thus preventing the release of FSH and LH. Without FSH, the
follicles do not mature, and without the LH surge, ovulation does not occur.
Although the estrogen in birth control pills does stimulate some thickening of
the endometrial wall, it is reduced compared with a normal cycle and is less
likely to support implantation.

Some birth control pills contain 21 active pills containing hormones, and 7
inactive pills (placebos). The decline in hormones during the week that the
person takes the placebo pills triggers menses, although it is typically
lighter than a normal menstrual flow because of the reduced endometrial
thickening. Newer types of birth control pills have been developed that
deliver low-dose estrogens and progesterone for the entire cycle (these are
meant to be taken 365 days a year), and menses never occurs. While some people
prefer to have the proof of a lack of pregnancy that a monthly period
provides, menstruation every 28 days is not required for health reasons, and
there are no reported adverse effects of not having a menstrual period in an
otherwise healthy individual.

Because birth control pills function by providing constant estrogen and
progesterone levels and disrupting negative feedback, skipping even just one
or two pills at certain points of the cycle (or even being several hours late
taking the pill) can lead to an increase in FSH and LH and result in
ovulation. It is important, therefore, to follow the directions on the birth
control pill package to successfully prevent pregnancy.

##  Aging and the...

###  Female Reproductive System

Female fertility (the ability to conceive) peaks when people are in their
twenties, and is slowly reduced until 35 years of age. After that time,
fertility declines more rapidly, until it ends completely at the end of
menopause. Menopause is the cessation of the menstrual cycle that occurs as a
result of the loss of ovarian follicles and the hormones that they produce.
Menopause is considered complete if an individual has not menstruated in a
full year. After that point, they are considered postmenopausal. The average
age for this change is consistent worldwide at between 50 and 52 years of age,
but it can normally occur at any time in a person's forties or fifties. Poor
health, including smoking, can lead to earlier loss of fertility and earlier
menopause.

As the age of menopause approaches, depletion of the number of viable
follicles in the ovaries due to atresia affects the hormonal regulation of the
menstrual cycle. During the years leading up to menopause, there is a decrease
in the levels of the hormone inhibin, which normally participates in a
negative feedback loop to the pituitary to control the production of FSH. The
menopausal decrease in inhibin leads to an increase in FSH. The presence of
FSH stimulates more follicles to grow and secrete estrogen. Because small,
secondary follicles also respond to increases in FSH levels, larger numbers of
follicles are stimulated to grow; however, most undergo atresia and die.
Eventually, this process leads to the depletion of all follicles in the
ovaries, and the production of estrogen falls off dramatically. It is
primarily the lack of estrogens that leads to the symptoms of menopause.

The earliest changes occur during the menopausal transition, often referred to
as peri-menopause, when a menstrual cycle becomes irregular but does not stop
entirely. Although the levels of estrogen are still nearly the same as before
the transition, the level of progesterone produced by the corpus luteum is
reduced. This decline in progesterone can lead to abnormal growth, or
hyperplasia, of the endometrium. This condition is a concern because it
increases the risk of developing endometrial cancer. Two harmless conditions
that can develop during the transition are uterine fibroids, which are benign
masses of cells, and irregular bleeding. As estrogen levels change, other
symptoms that occur are hot flashes and night sweats, trouble sleeping,
vaginal dryness, mood swings, difficulty focusing, and thinning of hair on the
head along with the growth of more hair on the face. Depending on the
individual, these symptoms can be entirely absent, moderate, or severe.

After menopause, lower amounts of estrogens can lead to other changes.
Cardiovascular disease becomes as prevalent in females as in males, possibly
because estrogens reduce the amount of cholesterol in the blood vessels. When
estrogen is lacking, many people find that they suddenly have problems with
high cholesterol and the cardiovascular issues that accompany it. Osteoporosis
is another problem because bone density decreases rapidly in the first years
after menopause. The reduction in bone density leads to a higher incidence of
fractures.

Hormone therapy (HT), which employs medication (synthetic estrogens and
progestins) to increase estrogen and progestin levels, can alleviate some of
the symptoms of menopause. In 2002, the Women’s Health Initiative began a
study to observe for the long-term outcomes of hormone replacement therapy
over 8.5 years. However, the study was prematurely terminated after 5.2 years
because of evidence of a higher than normal risk of breast cancer in patients
taking estrogen-only HT. The potential positive effects on cardiovascular
disease were also not realized in the estrogen-only patients. The results of
other hormone replacement studies over the last 50 years, including a 2012
study that followed over 1,000 menopausal women for 10 years, have shown
cardiovascular benefits from estrogen and no increased risk for cancer. Some
researchers believe that the age group tested in the 2002 trial may have been
too old to benefit from the therapy, thus skewing the results. In the
meantime, intense debate and study of the benefits and risks of replacement
therapy is ongoing. Current guidelines approve HT for the reduction of hot
flashes or flushes, but this treatment is generally only considered when
people first start showing signs of menopausal changes, is used in the lowest
dose possible for the shortest time possible (5 years or less), and it is
suggested that people on HT have regular pelvic and breast exams.

