## [ 23.1 Overview of the Digestive System
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/23-1-overview-of-
the-digestive-system)

The digestive system includes the organs of the alimentary canal and accessory
structures. The alimentary canal forms a continuous tube that is open to the
outside environment at both ends. The organs of the alimentary canal are the
mouth, pharynx, esophagus, stomach, small intestine, and large intestine. The
accessory digestive structures include the teeth, tongue, salivary glands,
liver, pancreas, and gallbladder. The wall of the alimentary canal is composed
of four basic tissue layers: mucosa, submucosa, muscularis, and serosa. The
enteric nervous system provides intrinsic innervation, and the autonomic
nervous system provides extrinsic innervation.

## [ 23.2 Digestive System Processes and Regulation
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/23-2-digestive-
system-processes-and-regulation)

The digestive system ingests and digests food, absorbs released nutrients, and
excretes food components that are indigestible. The six activities involved in
this process are ingestion, motility, mechanical digestion, chemical
digestion, absorption, and defecation. These processes are regulated by neural
and hormonal mechanisms.

## [ 23.3 The Mouth, Pharynx, and Esophagus
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/23-3-the-mouth-
pharynx-and-esophagus)

In the mouth, the tongue and the teeth begin mechanical digestion, and saliva
begins chemical digestion. The pharynx, which plays roles in breathing and
vocalization as well as digestion, runs from the nasal and oral cavities
superiorly to the esophagus inferiorly (for digestion) and to the larynx
anteriorly (for respiration). During deglutition (swallowing), the soft palate
rises to close off the nasopharynx, the larynx elevates, and the epiglottis
folds over the glottis. The esophagus includes an upper esophageal sphincter
made of skeletal muscle, which regulates the movement of food from the pharynx
to the esophagus. It also has a lower esophageal sphincter, made of smooth
muscle, which controls the passage of food from the esophagus to the stomach.
Cells in the esophageal wall secrete mucus that eases the passage of the food
bolus.

## [ 23.4 The Stomach  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/23-4-the-stomach)

The stomach participates in all digestive activities except ingestion and
defecation. It vigorously churns food. It secretes gastric juices that break
down food and absorbs certain drugs, including aspirin and some alcohol. The
stomach begins the digestion of protein and continues the digestion of
carbohydrates and fats. It stores food as an acidic liquid called chyme, and
releases it gradually into the small intestine through the pyloric sphincter.

## [ 23.5 The Small and Large Intestines
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/23-5-the-small-
and-large-intestines)

The three main regions of the small intestine are the duodenum, the jejunum,
and the ileum. The small intestine is where digestion is completed and
virtually all absorption occurs. These two activities are facilitated by
structural adaptations that increase the mucosal surface area by 600-fold,
including circular folds, villi, and microvilli. There are around 200 million
microvilli per square millimeter of small intestine, which contain brush
border enzymes that complete the digestion of carbohydrates and proteins.
Combined with pancreatic juice, intestinal juice provides the liquid medium
needed to further digest and absorb substances from chyme. The small intestine
is also the site of unique mechanical digestive movements. Segmentation moves
the chyme back and forth, increasing mixing and opportunities for absorption.
Migrating motility complexes propel the residual chyme toward the large
intestine.

The main regions of the large intestine are the cecum, the colon, and the
rectum. The large intestine absorbs water and forms feces, and is responsible
for defecation. Bacterial flora break down additional carbohydrate residue,
and synthesize certain vitamins. The mucosa of the large intestinal wall is
generously endowed with goblet cells, which secrete mucus that eases the
passage of feces. The entry of feces into the rectum activates the defecation
reflex.

## [ 23.6 Accessory Organs in Digestion: The Liver, Pancreas, and Gallbladder
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/23-6-accessory-
organs-in-digestion-the-liver-pancreas-and-gallbladder)

Chemical digestion in the small intestine cannot occur without the help of the
liver and pancreas. The liver produces bile and delivers it to the common
hepatic duct. Bile contains bile salts and phospholipids, which emulsify large
lipid globules into tiny lipid droplets, a necessary step in lipid digestion
and absorption. The gallbladder stores and concentrates bile, releasing it
when it is needed by the small intestine.

The pancreas produces the enzyme- and bicarbonate-rich pancreatic juice and
delivers it to the small intestine through ducts. Pancreatic juice buffers the
acidic gastric juice in chyme, inactivates pepsin from the stomach, and
enables the optimal functioning of digestive enzymes in the small intestine.

## [ 23.7 Chemical Digestion and Absorption: A Closer Look
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/23-7-chemical-
digestion-and-absorption-a-closer-look)

The small intestine is the site of most chemical digestion and almost all
absorption. Chemical digestion breaks large food molecules down into their
chemical building blocks, which can then be absorbed through the intestinal
wall and into the general circulation. Intestinal brush border enzymes and
pancreatic enzymes are responsible for the majority of chemical digestion. The
breakdown of fat also requires bile.

Most nutrients are absorbed by transport mechanisms at the apical surface of
enterocytes. Exceptions include lipids, fat-soluble vitamins, and most water-
soluble vitamins. With the help of bile salts and lecithin, the dietary fats
are emulsified to form micelles, which can carry the fat particles to the
surface of the enterocytes. There, the micelles release their fats to diffuse
across the cell membrane. The fats are then reassembled into triglycerides and
mixed with other lipids and proteins into chylomicrons that can pass into
lacteals. Other absorbed monomers travel from blood capillaries in the villus
to the hepatic portal vein and then to the liver.

