## [ 28.1 Fertilization  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/28-1-fertilization)

Hundreds of millions of sperm deposited in the vagina travel toward the
oocyte, but only a few hundred actually reach it. The number of sperm that
reach the oocyte is greatly reduced because of conditions within the female
reproductive tract. Many sperm are overcome by the acidity of the vagina,
others are blocked by mucus in the cervix, whereas others are attacked by
phagocytic leukocytes in the uterus. Those sperm that do survive undergo a
change in response to those conditions. They go through the process of
capacitation, which improves their motility and alters the membrane
surrounding the acrosome, the cap-like structure in the head of a sperm that
contains the digestive enzymes needed for it to attach to and penetrate the
oocyte.

The oocyte that is released by ovulation is protected by a thick outer layer
of granulosa cells known as the corona radiata and by the zona pellucida, a
thick glycoprotein membrane that lies just outside the oocyte’s plasma
membrane. When capacitated sperm make contact with the oocyte, they release
the digestive enzymes in the acrosome (the acrosomal reaction) and are thus
able to attach to the oocyte and burrow through to the oocyte’s zona
pellucida. One of the sperm will then break through to the oocyte’s plasma
membrane and release its haploid nucleus into the oocyte. The oocyte’s
membrane structure changes in response (cortical reaction), preventing any
further penetration by another sperm and forming a fertilization membrane.
Fertilization is complete upon unification of the haploid nuclei of the two
gametes, producing a diploid zygote.

## [ 28.2 Embryonic Development  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/28-2-embryonic-development)

As the zygote travels toward the uterus, it undergoes numerous cleavages in
which the number of cells doubles (blastomeres). Upon reaching the uterus, the
conceptus has become a tightly packed sphere of cells called the morula, which
then forms into a blastocyst consisting of an inner cell mass within a fluid-
filled cavity surrounded by trophoblasts. The blastocyst implants in the
uterine wall, the trophoblasts fuse to form a syncytiotrophoblast, and the
conceptus is enveloped by the endometrium. Four embryonic membranes form to
support the growing embryo: the amnion, the yolk sac, the allantois, and the
chorion. The chorionic villi of the chorion extend into the endometrium to
form the fetal portion of the placenta. The placenta supplies the growing
embryo with oxygen and nutrients; it also removes carbon dioxide and other
metabolic wastes.

Following implantation, embryonic cells undergo gastrulation, in which they
differentiate and separate into an embryonic disc and establish three primary
germ layers (the endoderm, mesoderm, and ectoderm). Through the process of
embryonic folding, the fetus begins to take shape. Neurulation starts the
process of the development of structures of the central nervous system and
organogenesis establishes the basic plan for all organ systems.

## [ 28.3 Fetal Development  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/28-3-fetal-development)

The fetal period lasts from the ninth week of development until birth. During
this period, male and female gonads differentiate. The fetal circulatory
system becomes much more specialized and efficient than its embryonic
counterpart. It includes three shunts—the ductus venosus, the foramen ovale,
and the ductus arteriosus—that enable it to bypass the semifunctional liver
and pulmonary circuit until after childbirth. The brain continues to grow and
its structures differentiate. Facial features develop, the body elongates, and
the skeleton ossifies. In the womb, the developing fetus moves, blinks,
practices sucking, and circulates amniotic fluid. The fetus grows from an
embryo measuring approximately 3.3 cm (1.3 in) and weighing 7 g (0.25 oz) to
an infant measuring approximately 51 cm (20 in) and weighing an average of
approximately 3.4 kg (7.5 lbs). Embryonic organ structures that were primitive
and nonfunctional develop to the point that the newborn can survive in the
outside world.

## [ 28.4 Changes During Pregnancy, Labor, and Birth
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/28-4-changes-
during-pregnancy-labor-and-birth)

Hormones (especially estrogens, progesterone, and hCG) secreted by the corpus
luteum and later by the placenta are responsible for most of the changes
experienced during pregnancy. Estrogen maintains the pregnancy, promotes fetal
viability, and stimulates tissue growth in the mother and developing fetus.
Progesterone prevents new ovarian follicles from developing and suppresses
uterine contractility.

Pregnancy weight gain primarily occurs in the breasts and abdominal region.
Nausea, heartburn, and frequent urination are common during pregnancy.
Maternal blood volume increases by 30 percent during pregnancy and respiratory
minute volume increases by 50 percent. The skin may develop stretch marks and
melanin production may increase.

Toward the late stages of pregnancy, a drop in progesterone and stretching
forces from the fetus lead to increasing uterine irritability and prompt
labor. Contractions serve to dilate the cervix and expel the newborn. Delivery
of the placenta and associated fetal membranes follows.

## [ 28.5 Adjustments of the Infant at Birth and Postnatal Stages
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/28-5-adjustments-
of-the-infant-at-birth-and-postnatal-stages)

The first breath a newborn takes at birth inflates the lungs and dramatically
alters the circulatory system, closing the three shunts that directed
oxygenated blood away from the lungs and liver during fetal life. Clamping and
cutting the umbilical cord collapses the three umbilical blood vessels. The
proximal umbilical arteries remain a part of the circulatory system, whereas
the distal umbilical arteries and the umbilical vein become fibrotic. The
newborn keeps warm by breaking down brown adipose tissue in the process of
nonshivering thermogenesis. The first consumption of breast milk or formula
floods the newborn’s sterile gastrointestinal tract with beneficial bacteria
that eventually establish themselves as the bacterial flora, which aid in
digestion.

## [ 28.6 Lactation  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/28-6-lactation)

The lactating mother supplies all the hydration and nutrients that a growing
infant needs for the first 4–6 months of life. During pregnancy, the body
prepares for lactation by stimulating the growth and development of branching
lactiferous ducts and alveoli lined with milk-secreting lactocytes, and by
creating colostrum. These functions are attributable to the actions of several
hormones, including prolactin. Following childbirth, suckling triggers
oxytocin release, which stimulates myoepithelial cells to squeeze milk from
alveoli. Breast milk then drains toward the nipple pores to be consumed by the
infant. Colostrum, the milk produced in the first postpartum days, provides
immunoglobulins that increase the newborn’s immune defenses. Colostrum,
transitional milk, and mature breast milk are ideally suited to each stage of
the newborn’s development, and breastfeeding helps the newborn’s digestive
system expel meconium and clear bilirubin. Mature milk changes from the
beginning to the end of a feeding. Foremilk quenches the infant’s thirst,
whereas hindmilk satisfies the infant’s appetite.

## [ 28.7 Patterns of Inheritance  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/28-7-patterns-of-inheritance)

There are two aspects to a person’s genetic makeup. Their genotype refers to
the genetic makeup of the chromosomes found in all their cells and the alleles
that are passed down from their parents. Their phenotype is the expression of
that genotype, based on the interaction of the paired alleles, as well as how
environmental conditions affect that expression.

Working with pea plants, Mendel discovered that the factors that account for
different traits in parents are discretely transmitted to offspring in pairs,
one from each parent. He articulated the principles of random segregation and
independent assortment to account for the inheritance patterns he observed.
Mendel’s factors are genes, with differing variants being referred to as
alleles and those alleles being dominant or recessive in expression. Each
parent passes one allele for every gene on to offspring, and offspring are
equally likely to inherit any combination of allele pairs. When Mendel crossed
heterozygous individuals, he repeatedly found a 3:1 dominant–recessive ratio.
He correctly postulated that the expression of the recessive trait was masked
in heterozygotes but would resurface in their offspring in a predictable
manner.

Human genetics focuses on identifying different alleles and understanding how
they express themselves. Medical researchers are especially interested in the
identification of inheritance patterns for genetic disorders, which provides
the means to estimate the risk that a given couple’s offspring will inherit a
genetic disease or disorder. Patterns of inheritance in humans include
autosomal dominance and recessiveness, X-linked dominance and recessiveness,
incomplete dominance, codominance, and lethality. A change in the nucleotide
sequence of DNA, which may or may not manifest in a phenotype, is called a
mutation.

