## [ 6.1 The Functions of the Skeletal System
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/6-1-the-
functions-of-the-skeletal-system)

The major functions of the bones are body support, facilitation of movement,
protection of internal organs, storage of minerals and fat, and hematopoiesis.
Together, the muscular system and skeletal system are known as the
musculoskeletal system.

## [ 6.2 Bone Classification  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/6-2-bone-classification)

Bones can be classified according to their shapes. Long bones, such as the
femur, are longer than they are wide. Short bones, such as the carpals, are
approximately equal in length, width, and thickness. Flat bones are thin, but
are often curved, such as the ribs. Irregular bones such as those of the face
have no characteristic shape. Sesamoid bones, such as the patellae, are small
and round, and are located in tendons.

## [ 6.3 Bone Structure  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/6-3-bone-structure)

A hollow medullary cavity filled with yellow marrow runs the length of the
diaphysis of a long bone. The walls of the diaphysis are compact bone. The
epiphyses, which are wider sections at each end of a long bone, are filled
with spongy bone and red marrow. The epiphyseal plate, a layer of hyaline
cartilage, is replaced by osseous tissue as the organ grows in length. The
medullary cavity has a delicate membranous lining called the endosteum. The
outer surface of bone, except in regions covered with articular cartilage, is
covered with a fibrous membrane called the periosteum. Flat bones consist of
two layers of compact bone surrounding a layer of spongy bone. Bone markings
depend on the function and location of bones. Articulations are places where
two bones meet. Projections stick out from the surface of the bone and provide
attachment points for tendons and ligaments. Holes are openings or depressions
in the bones.

Bone matrix consists of collagen fibers and organic ground substance,
primarily hydroxyapatite formed from calcium salts. Osteogenic cells develop
into osteoblasts. Osteoblasts are cells that make new bone. They become
osteocytes, the cells of mature bone, when they get trapped in the matrix.
Osteoclasts engage in bone resorption. Compact bone is dense and composed of
osteons, while spongy bone is less dense and made up of trabeculae. Blood
vessels and nerves enter the bone through the nutrient foramina to nourish and
innervate bones.

## [ 6.4 Bone Formation and Development  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-
and-physiology-2e/pages/6-4-bone-formation-and-development)

All bone formation is a replacement process. Embryos develop a cartilaginous
skeleton and various membranes. During development, these are replaced by bone
during the ossification process. In intramembranous ossification, bone
develops directly from sheets of mesenchymal connective tissue. In
endochondral ossification, bone develops by replacing hyaline cartilage.
Activity in the epiphyseal plate enables bones to grow in length. Modeling
allows bones to grow in diameter. Remodeling occurs as bone is resorbed and
replaced by new bone. Osteogenesis imperfecta is a genetic disease in which
collagen production is altered, resulting in fragile, brittle bones.

## [ 6.5 Fractures: Bone Repair  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/6-5-fractures-bone-repair)

Fractured bones may be repaired by closed reduction or open reduction.
Fractures are classified by their complexity, location, and other features.
Common types of fractures are transverse, oblique, spiral, comminuted,
impacted, greenstick, open (or compound), and closed (or simple). Healing of
fractures begins with the formation of a hematoma, followed by internal and
external calli. Osteoclasts resorb dead bone, while osteoblasts create new
bone that replaces the cartilage in the calli. The calli eventually unite,
remodeling occurs, and healing is complete.

## [ 6.6 Exercise, Nutrition, Hormones, and Bone Tissue
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/6-6-exercise-
nutrition-hormones-and-bone-tissue)

Mechanical stress stimulates the deposition of mineral salts and collagen
fibers within bones. Calcium, the predominant mineral in bone, cannot be
absorbed from the small intestine if vitamin D is lacking. Vitamin K supports
bone mineralization and may have a synergistic role with vitamin D. Magnesium
and fluoride, as structural elements, play a supporting role in bone health.
Omega-3 fatty acids reduce inflammation and may promote production of new
osseous tissue. Growth hormone increases the length of long bones, enhances
mineralization, and improves bone density. Thyroxine stimulates bone growth
and promotes the synthesis of bone matrix. The sex hormones (estrogen and
testosterone) promote osteoblastic activity and the production of bone matrix,
are responsible for the adolescent growth spurt, and promote closure of the
epiphyseal plates. Osteoporosis is a disease characterized by decreased bone
mass that is common in aging adults. Calcitriol stimulates the digestive tract
to absorb calcium and phosphate. Parathyroid hormone (PTH) stimulates
osteoclast proliferation and resorption of bone by osteoclasts. Vitamin D
plays a synergistic role with PTH in stimulating the osteoclasts. Additional
functions of PTH include promoting reabsorption of calcium by kidney tubules
and indirectly increasing calcium absorption from the small intestine.
Calcitonin inhibits osteoclast activity and stimulates calcium uptake by
bones.

## [ 6.7 Calcium Homeostasis: Interactions of the Skeletal System and Other
Organ Systems  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/6-7-calcium-homeostasis-interactions-of-the-skeletal-
system-and-other-organ-systems)

Calcium homeostasis, i.e., maintaining a blood calcium level of about 10
mg/dL, is critical for normal body functions. Hypocalcemia can result in
problems with blood coagulation, muscle contraction, nerve functioning, and
bone strength. Hypercalcemia can result in lethargy, sluggish reflexes,
constipation and loss of appetite, confusion, and coma. Calcium homeostasis is
controlled by PTH, vitamin D, and calcitonin and the interactions of the
skeletal, endocrine, digestive, and urinary systems.

