alveoli     (of the breast) milk-secreting cells in the mammary gland

ampulla     (of the uterine tube) middle portion of the uterine tube in which
fertilization often occurs

antrum     fluid-filled chamber that characterizes a mature tertiary (antral)
follicle

areola     highly pigmented, circular area surrounding the raised nipple and
containing areolar glands that secrete fluid important for lubrication during
suckling

Bartholin’s glands     (also, greater vestibular glands) glands that produce a
thick mucus that maintains moisture in the vulva area; also referred to as the
greater vestibular glands

blood–testis barrier     tight junctions between Sertoli cells that prevent
bloodborne pathogens from gaining access to later stages of spermatogenesis
and prevent the potential for an autoimmune reaction to haploid sperm

body of uterus     middle section of the uterus

broad ligament     wide ligament that supports the uterus by attaching
laterally to both sides of the uterus and pelvic wall

bulbourethral glands     (also, Cowper’s glands) glands that secrete a
lubricating mucus that cleans and lubricates the urethra prior to and during
ejaculation

cervix     elongate inferior end of the uterus where it connects to the vagina

clitoris     (also, glans clitoris) nerve-rich area of the vulva that
contributes to sexual sensation during intercourse

corpus albicans     nonfunctional structure remaining in the ovarian stroma
following structural and functional regression of the corpus luteum

corpus cavernosum     (plural = corpora cavernosa) either of two columns of
erectile tissue in the penis that fill with blood during an erection

corpus luteum     transformed follicle after ovulation that secretes
progesterone

corpus spongiosum     column of erectile tissue in the penis that fills with
blood during an erection and surrounds the penile urethra on the ventral
portion of the penis

ductus deferens     (also, vas deferens) duct that transports sperm from the
epididymis through the spermatic cord and into the ejaculatory duct; also
referred as the vas deferens

ejaculatory duct     duct that connects the ampulla of the ductus deferens
with the duct of the seminal vesicle at the prostatic urethra

endometrium     inner lining of the uterus, part of which builds up during the
secretory phase of the menstrual cycle and then sheds with menses

epididymis     (plural = epididymides) coiled tubular structure in which sperm
start to mature and are stored until ejaculation

fimbriae     fingerlike projections on the distal uterine tubes

follicle     ovarian structure of one oocyte and surrounding granulosa (and
later theca) cells

folliculogenesis     development of ovarian follicles from primordial to
tertiary under the stimulation of gonadotropins

fundus     (of the uterus) domed portion of the uterus that is superior to the
uterine tubes

gamete     haploid reproductive cell that contributes genetic material to form
an offspring

glans penis     bulbous end of the penis that contains a large number of nerve
endings

gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH)     hormone released by the hypothalamus
that regulates the production of follicle-stimulating hormone and luteinizing
hormone from the pituitary gland

gonads     reproductive organs (testes and ovaries) that produce gametes and
reproductive hormones

granulosa cells     supportive cells in the ovarian follicle that produce
estrogen

hymen     membrane that covers part of the opening of the vagina

infundibulum     (of the uterine tube) wide, distal portion of the uterine
tube terminating in fimbriae

inguinal canal     opening in abdominal wall that connects the testes to the
abdominal cavity

isthmus     narrow, medial portion of the uterine tube that joins the uterus

labia majora     hair-covered folds of skin located behind the mons pubis

labia minora     thin, pigmented, hairless flaps of skin located medial and
deep to the labia majora

lactiferous ducts     ducts that connect the mammary glands to the nipple and
allow for the transport of milk

lactiferous sinus     area of milk collection between alveoli and lactiferous
duct

Leydig cells     cells between the seminiferous tubules of the testes that
produce testosterone; a type of interstitial cell

mammary glands     glands inside the breast that secrete milk

menarche     first menstruation in a pubertal female

menses     shedding of the inner portion of the endometrium out though the
vagina; also referred to as menstruation

menses phase     phase of the menstrual cycle in which the endometrial lining
is shed

menstrual cycle     approximately 28-day cycle of changes in the uterus
consisting of a menses phase, a proliferative phase, and a secretory phase

mons pubis     mound of fatty tissue located at the front of the vulva

Müllerian duct     duct system present in the embryo that will eventually form
the internal female reproductive structures

myometrium     smooth muscle layer of uterus that allows for uterine
contractions during labor and expulsion of menstrual blood

oocyte     cell that results from the division of the oogonium and undergoes
meiosis I at the LH surge and meiosis II at fertilization to become a haploid
ovum

oogenesis     process by which oogonia divide by mitosis to primary oocytes,
which undergo meiosis to produce the secondary oocyte and, upon fertilization,
the ovum

oogonia     ovarian stem cells that undergo mitosis during female fetal
development to form primary oocytes

ovarian cycle     approximately 28-day cycle of changes in the ovary
consisting of a follicular phase and a luteal phase

ovaries     female gonads that produce oocytes and sex steroid hormones
(notably estrogen and progesterone)

ovulation     release of a secondary oocyte and associated granulosa cells
from an ovary

ovum     haploid female gamete resulting from completion of meiosis II at
fertilization

penis     male organ of copulation

perimetrium     outer epithelial layer of uterine wall

polar body     smaller cell produced during the process of meiosis in
oogenesis

prepuce     (also, foreskin) flap of skin that forms a collar around, and thus
protects and lubricates, the glans penis; also referred as the foreskin

primary follicles     ovarian follicles with a primary oocyte and one layer of
cuboidal granulosa cells

primordial follicles     least developed ovarian follicles that consist of a
single oocyte and a single layer of flat (squamous) granulosa cells

proliferative phase     phase of the menstrual cycle in which the endometrium
proliferates

prostate gland     doughnut-shaped gland at the base of the bladder
surrounding the urethra and contributing fluid to semen during ejaculation

puberty     life stage during which a male or female adolescent becomes
anatomically and physiologically capable of reproduction

rugae     (of the vagina) folds of skin in the vagina that allow it to stretch
during intercourse and childbirth

scrotum     external pouch of skin and muscle that houses the testes

secondary follicles     ovarian follicles with a primary oocyte and multiple
layers of granulosa cells

secondary sex characteristics     physical characteristics that are influenced
by sex steroid hormones and have supporting roles in reproductive function

secretory phase     phase of the menstrual cycle in which the endometrium
secretes a nutrient-rich fluid in preparation for implantation of an embryo

semen     ejaculatory fluid composed of sperm and secretions from the seminal
vesicles, prostate, and bulbourethral glands

seminal vesicle     gland that produces seminal fluid, which contributes to
semen

seminiferous tubules     tube structures within the testes where
spermatogenesis occurs

Sertoli cells     cells that support germ cells through the process of
spermatogenesis; a type of sustentacular cell

sperm     (also, spermatozoon) male gamete

spermatic cord     bundle of nerves and blood vessels that supplies the
testes; contains ductus deferens

spermatid     immature sperm cells produced by meiosis II of secondary
spermatocytes

spermatocyte     cell that results from the division of spermatogonium and
undergoes meiosis I and meiosis II to form spermatids

spermatogenesis     formation of new sperm, occurs in the seminiferous tubules
of the testes

spermatogonia     (singular = spermatogonium) diploid precursor cells that
become sperm

spermiogenesis     transformation of spermatids to spermatozoa during
spermatogenesis

suspensory ligaments     bands of connective tissue that suspend the breast
onto the chest wall by attachment to the overlying dermis

tertiary follicles     (also, antral follicles) ovarian follicles with a
primary or secondary oocyte, multiple layers of granulosa cells, and a fully
formed antrum

testes     (singular = testis) male gonads

theca cells     estrogen-producing cells in a maturing ovarian follicle

uterine tubes     (also, fallopian tubes or oviducts) ducts that facilitate
transport of an ovulated oocyte to the uterus

uterus     muscular hollow organ in which a fertilized egg develops into a
fetus

vagina     tunnel-like organ that provides access to the uterus for the
insertion of semen and from the uterus for the birth of a baby

vulva     external female genitalia

Wolffian duct     duct system present in the embryo that will eventually form
the internal male reproductive structures

