## [ 8.1 The Pectoral Girdle  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/8-1-the-pectoral-girdle)

The pectoral girdle, consisting of the clavicle and the scapula, attaches each
upper limb to the axial skeleton. The clavicle is an anterior bone whose
sternal end articulates with the manubrium of the sternum at the
sternoclavicular joint. The sternal end is also anchored to the first rib by
the costoclavicular ligament. The acromial end of the clavicle articulates
with the acromion of the scapula at the acromioclavicular joint. This end is
also anchored to the coracoid process of the scapula by the coracoclavicular
ligament, which provides indirect support for the acromioclavicular joint. The
clavicle supports the scapula, transmits the weight and forces from the upper
limb to the body trunk, and protects the underlying nerves and blood vessels.

The scapula lies on the posterior aspect of the pectoral girdle. It mediates
the attachment of the upper limb to the clavicle, and contributes to the
formation of the glenohumeral (shoulder) joint. This triangular bone has three
sides called the medial, lateral, and superior borders. The suprascapular
notch is located on the superior border. The scapula also has three corners,
two of which are the superior and inferior angles. The third corner is
occupied by the glenoid cavity. Posteriorly, the spine separates the
supraspinous and infraspinous fossae, and then extends laterally as the
acromion. The subscapular fossa is located on the anterior surface of the
scapula. The coracoid process projects anteriorly, passing inferior to the
lateral end of the clavicle.

## [ 8.2 Bones of the Upper Limb  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/8-2-bones-of-the-upper-limb)

Each upper limb is divided into three regions and contains a total of 30
bones. The upper arm is the region located between the shoulder and elbow
joints. This area contains the humerus. The proximal humerus consists of the
head, which articulates with the scapula at the glenohumeral joint, the
greater and lesser tubercles separated by the intertubercular (bicipital)
groove, and the anatomical and surgical necks. The humeral shaft has the
roughened area of the deltoid tuberosity on its lateral side. The distal
humerus is flattened, forming a lateral supracondylar ridge that terminates at
the small lateral epicondyle. The medial side of the distal humerus has the
large, medial epicondyle. The articulating surfaces of the distal humerus
consist of the trochlea medially and the capitulum laterally. Depressions on
the humerus that accommodate the forearm bones during bending (flexing) and
straightening (extending) of the elbow include the coronoid fossa, the radial
fossa, and the olecranon fossa.

The forearm is the region of the upper limb located between the elbow and
wrist joints. This region contains two bones, the ulna medially and the radius
on the lateral (thumb) side. The elbow joint is formed by the articulation
between the trochlea of the humerus and the trochlear notch of the ulna, plus
the articulation between the capitulum of the humerus and the head of the
radius. The proximal radioulnar joint is the articulation between the head of
the radius and the radial notch of the ulna. The proximal ulna also has the
olecranon process, forming an expanded posterior region, and the coronoid
process and ulnar tuberosity on its anterior aspect. On the proximal radius,
the narrowed region below the head is the neck; distal to this is the radial
tuberosity. The shaft portions of both the ulna and radius have an
interosseous border, whereas the distal ends of each bone have a pointed
styloid process. The distal radioulnar joint is found between the head of the
ulna and the ulnar notch of the radius. The distal end of the radius
articulates with the proximal carpal bones, but the ulna does not.

The base of the hand is formed by eight carpal bones. The carpal bones are
united into two rows of bones. The proximal row contains (from lateral to
medial) the scaphoid, lunate, triquetrum, and pisiform bones. The scaphoid,
lunate, and triquetrum bones contribute to the formation of the radiocarpal
joint. The distal row of carpal bones contains (from medial to lateral) the
hamate, capitate, trapezoid, and trapezium bones (“So Long To Pinky, Here
Comes The Thumb”). The anterior hamate has a prominent bony hook. The proximal
and distal carpal rows articulate with each other at the midcarpal joint. The
carpal bones, together with the flexor retinaculum, also form the carpal
tunnel of the wrist.

The five metacarpal bones form the palm of the hand. The metacarpal bones are
numbered 1–5, starting with the thumb side. The first metacarpal bone is
freely mobile, but the other bones are united as a group. The digits are also
numbered 1–5, with the thumb being number 1. The fingers and thumb contain a
total of 14 phalanges (phalanx bones). The thumb contains a proximal and a
distal phalanx, whereas the remaining digits each contain proximal, middle,
and distal phalanges.

## [ 8.3 The Pelvic Girdle and Pelvis  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-
and-physiology-2e/pages/8-3-the-pelvic-girdle-and-pelvis)

The pelvic girdle, consisting of a hip bone, serves to attach a lower limb to
the axial skeleton. The hip bone articulates posteriorly at the sacroiliac
joint with the sacrum, which is part of the axial skeleton. The right and left
hip bones converge anteriorly and articulate with each other at the pubic
symphysis. The combination of the hip bone, the sacrum, and the coccyx forms
the pelvis. The pelvis has a pronounced anterior tilt. The primary function of
the pelvis is to support the upper body and transfer body weight to the lower
limbs. It also serves as the site of attachment for multiple muscles.

The hip bone consists of three regions: the ilium, ischium, and pubis. The
ilium forms the large, fan-like region of the hip bone. The superior margin of
this area is the iliac crest. Located at either end of the iliac crest are the
anterior superior and posterior superior iliac spines. Inferior to these are
the anterior inferior and posterior inferior iliac spines. The auricular
surface of the ilium articulates with the sacrum to form the sacroiliac joint.
The medial surface of the upper ilium forms the iliac fossa, with the arcuate
line marking the inferior limit of this area. The posterior margin of the
ilium has the large greater sciatic notch.

The posterolateral portion of the hip bone is the ischium. It has the expanded
ischial tuberosity, which supports body weight when sitting. The ischial ramus
projects anteriorly and superiorly. The posterior margin of the ischium has
the shallow lesser sciatic notch and the ischial spine, which separates the
greater and lesser sciatic notches.

The pubis forms the anterior portion of the hip bone. The body of the pubis
articulates with the pubis of the opposite hip bone at the pubic symphysis.
The superior margin of the pubic body has the pubic tubercle. The pubis is
joined to the ilium by the superior pubic ramus, the superior surface of which
forms the pectineal line. The inferior pubic ramus projects inferiorly and
laterally. The pubic arch is formed by the pubic symphysis, the bodies of the
adjacent pubic bones, and the two inferior pubic rami. The inferior pubic
ramus joins the ischial ramus to form the ischiopubic ramus. The subpubic
angle is formed by the medial convergence of the right and left ischiopubic
rami.

The lateral side of the hip bone has the cup-like acetabulum, which is part of
the hip joint. The large anterior opening is the obturator foramen. The
sacroiliac joint is supported by the anterior and posterior sacroiliac
ligaments. The sacrum is also joined to the hip bone by the sacrospinous
ligament, which attaches to the ischial spine, and the sacrotuberous ligament,
which attaches to the ischial tuberosity. The sacrospinous and sacrotuberous
ligaments contribute to the formation of the greater and lesser sciatic
foramina.

The broad space of the upper pelvis is the greater pelvis, and the narrow,
inferior space is the lesser pelvis. These areas are separated by the pelvic
brim (pelvic inlet). The inferior opening of the pelvis is the pelvic outlet.
Compared to the male, the female pelvis is wider to accommodate childbirth,
has a larger subpubic angle, and a broader greater sciatic notch.

## [ 8.4 Bones of the Lower Limb  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/8-4-bones-of-the-lower-limb)

The lower limb is divided into three regions. These are the thigh, located
between the hip and knee joints; the leg, located between the knee and ankle
joints; and distal to the ankle, the foot. There are 30 bones in each lower
limb. These are the femur, patella, tibia, fibula, seven tarsal bones, five
metatarsal bones, and 14 phalanges.

The femur is the single bone of the thigh. Its rounded head articulates with
the acetabulum of the hip bone to form the hip joint. The head has the fovea
capitis for attachment of the ligament of the head of the femur. The narrow
neck joins inferiorly with the greater and lesser trochanters. Passing between
these bony expansions are the intertrochanteric line on the anterior femur and
the larger intertrochanteric crest on the posterior femur. On the posterior
shaft of the femur is the gluteal tuberosity proximally and the linea aspera
in the mid-shaft region. The expanded distal end consists of three
articulating surfaces: the medial and lateral condyles, and the patellar
surface. The outside margins of the condyles are the medial and lateral
epicondyles. The adductor tubercle is on the superior aspect of the medial
epicondyle.

The patella is a sesamoid bone located within a muscle tendon. It articulates
with the patellar surface on the anterior side of the distal femur, thereby
protecting the muscle tendon from rubbing against the femur.

The leg contains the large tibia on the medial side and the slender fibula on
the lateral side. The tibia bears the weight of the body, whereas the fibula
does not bear weight. The interosseous border of each bone is the attachment
site for the interosseous membrane of the leg, the connective tissue sheet
that unites the tibia and fibula.

The proximal tibia consists of the expanded medial and lateral condyles, which
articulate with the medial and lateral condyles of the femur to form the knee
joint. Between the tibial condyles is the intercondylar eminence. On the
anterior side of the proximal tibia is the tibial tuberosity, which is
continuous inferiorly with the anterior border of the tibia. On the posterior
side, the proximal tibia has the curved soleal line. The bony expansion on the
medial side of the distal tibia is the medial malleolus. The groove on the
lateral side of the distal tibia is the fibular notch.

The head of the fibula forms the proximal end and articulates with the
underside of the lateral condyle of the tibia. The distal fibula articulates
with the fibular notch of the tibia. The expanded distal end of the fibula is
the lateral malleolus.

The posterior foot is formed by the seven tarsal bones. The talus articulates
superiorly with the distal tibia, the medial malleolus of the tibia, and the
lateral malleolus of the fibula to form the ankle joint. The talus articulates
inferiorly with the calcaneus bone. The sustentaculum tali of the calcaneus
helps to support the talus. Anterior to the talus is the navicular bone, and
anterior to this are the medial, intermediate, and lateral cuneiform bones.
The cuboid bone is anterior to the calcaneus.

The five metatarsal bones form the anterior foot. The base of these bones
articulate with the cuboid or cuneiform bones. The metatarsal heads, at their
distal ends, articulate with the proximal phalanges of the toes. The big toe
(toe number 1) has proximal and distal phalanx bones. The remaining toes have
proximal, middle, and distal phalanges.

## [ 8.5 Development of the Appendicular Skeleton
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/8-5-development-
of-the-appendicular-skeleton)

The bones of the appendicular skeleton arise from embryonic mesenchyme. Limb
buds appear at the end of the fourth week. The apical ectodermal ridge,
located at the end of the limb bud, stimulates growth and elongation of the
limb. During the sixth week, the distal end of the limb bud becomes paddle-
shaped, and selective cell death separates the developing fingers and toes. At
the same time, mesenchyme within the limb bud begins to differentiate into
hyaline cartilage, forming models for future bones. During the seventh week,
the upper limbs rotate laterally and the lower limbs rotate medially, bringing
the limbs into their final positions.

Endochondral ossification, the process that converts the hyaline cartilage
model into bone, begins in most appendicular bones by the twelfth fetal week.
This begins as a primary ossification center in the diaphysis, followed by the
later appearance of one or more secondary ossifications centers in the regions
of the epiphyses. Each secondary ossification center is separated from the
primary ossification center by an epiphyseal plate. Continued growth of the
epiphyseal plate cartilage provides for bone lengthening. Disappearance of the
epiphyseal plate is followed by fusion of the bony components to form a
single, adult bone.

The clavicle develops via intramembranous ossification, in which mesenchyme is
converted directly into bone tissue. Ossification within the clavicle begins
during the fifth week of development and continues until 25 years of age.

