## [ 19.1 Heart Anatomy  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/19-1-heart-anatomy)

The heart resides within the pericardial sac and is located in the mediastinal
space within the thoracic cavity. The pericardial sac consists of two fused
layers: an outer fibrous capsule and an inner parietal pericardium lined with
a serous membrane. Between the pericardial sac and the heart is the
pericardial cavity, which is filled with lubricating serous fluid. The walls
of the heart are composed of an outer epicardium, a thick myocardium, and an
inner lining layer of endocardium. The human heart consists of a pair of
atria, which receive blood and pump it into a pair of ventricles, which pump
blood into the vessels. The right atrium receives systemic blood relatively
low in oxygen and pumps it into the right ventricle, which pumps it into the
pulmonary circuit. Exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide occurs in the lungs,
and blood high in oxygen returns to the left atrium, which pumps blood into
the left ventricle, which in turn pumps blood into the aorta and the remainder
of the systemic circuit. The septa are the partitions that separate the
chambers of the heart. They include the interatrial septum, the
interventricular septum, and the atrioventricular septum. Two of these
openings are guarded by the atrioventricular valves, the right tricuspid valve
and the left mitral valve, which prevent the backflow of blood. Each is
attached to chordae tendineae that extend to the papillary muscles, which are
extensions of the myocardium, to prevent the valves from being blown back into
the atria. The pulmonary valve is located at the base of the pulmonary trunk,
and the left semilunar valve is located at the base of the aorta. The right
and left coronary arteries are the first to branch off the aorta and arise
from two of the three sinuses located near the base of the aorta and are
generally located in the sulci. Cardiac veins parallel the small cardiac
arteries and generally drain into the coronary sinus.

## [ 19.2 Cardiac Muscle and Electrical Activity
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/19-2-cardiac-
muscle-and-electrical-activity)

The heart is regulated by both neural and endocrine control, yet it is capable
of initiating its own action potential followed by muscular contraction. The
conductive cells within the heart establish the heart rate and transmit it
through the myocardium. The contractile cells contract and propel the blood.
The normal path of transmission for the conductive cells is the sinoatrial
(SA) node, internodal pathways, atrioventricular (AV) node, atrioventricular
(AV) bundle of His, bundle branches, and Purkinje fibers. The action potential
for the conductive cells consists of a prepotential phase with a slow influx
of Na\+ followed by a rapid influx of Ca2+ and outflux of K+. Contractile
cells have an action potential with an extended plateau phase that results in
an extended refractory period to allow complete contraction for the heart to
pump blood effectively. Recognizable points on the ECG include the P wave that
corresponds to atrial depolarization, the QRS complex that corresponds to
ventricular depolarization, and the T wave that corresponds to ventricular
repolarization.

## [ 19.3 Cardiac Cycle  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/19-3-cardiac-cycle)

The cardiac cycle comprises a complete relaxation and contraction of both the
atria and ventricles, and lasts approximately 0.8 seconds. Beginning with all
chambers in diastole, blood flows passively from the veins into the atria and
past the atrioventricular valves into the ventricles. The atria begin to
contract (atrial systole), following depolarization of the atria, and pump
blood into the ventricles. The ventricles begin to contract (ventricular
systole), raising pressure within the ventricles. When ventricular pressure
rises above the pressure in the atria, blood flows toward the atria, producing
the first heart sound, S1 or lub. As pressure in the ventricles rises above
two major arteries, blood pushes open the two semilunar valves and moves into
the pulmonary trunk and aorta in the ventricular ejection phase. Following
ventricular repolarization, the ventricles begin to relax (ventricular
diastole), and pressure within the ventricles drops. As ventricular pressure
drops, there is a tendency for blood to flow back into the atria from the
major arteries, producing the dicrotic notch in the ECG and closing the two
semilunar valves. The second heart sound, S2 or dub, occurs when the semilunar
valves close. When the pressure falls below that of the atria, blood moves
from the atria into the ventricles, opening the atrioventricular valves and
marking one complete heart cycle. The valves prevent backflow of blood.
Failure of the valves to operate properly produces turbulent blood flow within
the heart; the resulting heart murmur can often be heard with a stethoscope.

## [ 19.4 Cardiac Physiology  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/19-4-cardiac-physiology)

Many factors affect HR and SV, and together, they contribute to cardiac
function. HR is largely determined and regulated by autonomic stimulation and
hormones. There are several feedback loops that contribute to maintaining
homeostasis dependent upon activity levels, such as the atrial reflex, which
is determined by venous return.

SV is regulated by autonomic innervation and hormones, but also by filling
time and venous return. Venous return is determined by activity of the
skeletal muscles, blood volume, and changes in peripheral circulation. Venous
return determines preload and the atrial reflex. Filling time directly related
to HR also determines preload. Preload then impacts both EDV and ESV.
Autonomic innervation and hormones largely regulate contractility.
Contractility impacts EDV as does afterload. CO is the product of HR
multiplied by SV. SV is the difference between EDV and ESV.

## [ 19.5 Development of the Heart  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/19-5-development-of-the-heart)

The heart is the first organ to form and become functional, emphasizing the
importance of transport of material to and from the developing infant. It
originates about day 18 or 19 from the mesoderm and begins beating and pumping
blood about day 21 or 22. It forms from the cardiogenic region near the head
and is visible as a prominent heart bulge on the surface of the embryo.
Originally, it consists of a pair of strands called cardiogenic cords that
quickly form a hollow lumen and are referred to as endocardial tubes. These
then fuse into a single heart tube and differentiate into the truncus
arteriosus, bulbus cordis, primitive ventricle, primitive atrium, and sinus
venosus, starting about day 22. The primitive heart begins to form an S shape
within the pericardium between days 23 and 28. The internal septa begin to
form about day 28, separating the heart into the atria and ventricles,
although the foramen ovale persists until shortly after birth. Between weeks
five and eight, the atrioventricular valves form. The semilunar valves form
between weeks five and nine.

