## [ 14.1 Sensory Perception  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/14-1-sensory-perception)

The senses are olfaction (smell), gustation (taste), somatosensation
(sensations associated with the skin and body), audition (hearing),
equilibrium (balance), and vision. With the exception of somatosensation, this
list represents the special senses, or those systems of the body that are
associated with specific organs such as the tongue or eye. Somatosensation
belongs to the general senses, which are those sensory structures that are
distributed throughout the body and in the walls of various organs. The
special senses are all primarily part of the somatic nervous system in that
they are consciously perceived through cerebral processes, though some special
senses contribute to autonomic function. The general senses can be divided
into somatosensation, which is commonly considered touch, but includes
tactile, pressure, vibration, temperature, and pain perception. The general
senses also include the visceral senses, which are separate from the somatic
nervous system function in that they do not normally rise to the level of
conscious perception.

The cells that transduce sensory stimuli into the electrochemical signals of
the nervous system are classified on the basis of structural or functional
aspects of the cells. The structural classifications are either based on the
anatomy of the cell that is interacting with the stimulus (free nerve endings,
encapsulated endings, or specialized receptor cell), or where the cell is
located relative to the stimulus (interoceptor, exteroceptor, proprioceptor).
Thirdly, the functional classification is based on how the cell transduces the
stimulus into a neural signal. Chemoreceptors respond to chemical stimuli and
are the basis for olfaction and gustation. Related to chemoreceptors are
osmoreceptors and nociceptors for fluid balance and pain reception,
respectively. Mechanoreceptors respond to mechanical stimuli and are the basis
for most aspects of somatosensation, as well as being the basis of audition
and equilibrium in the inner ear. Thermoreceptors are sensitive to temperature
changes, and photoreceptors are sensitive to light energy.

The nerves that convey sensory information from the periphery to the CNS are
either spinal nerves, connected to the spinal cord, or cranial nerves,
connected to the brain. Spinal nerves have mixed populations of fibers; some
are motor fibers and some are sensory. The sensory fibers connect to the
spinal cord through the dorsal root, which is attached to the dorsal root
ganglion. Sensory information from the body that is conveyed through spinal
nerves will project to the opposite side of the brain to be processed by the
cerebral cortex. The cranial nerves can be strictly sensory fibers, such as
the olfactory, optic, and vestibulocochlear nerves, or mixed sensory and motor
nerves, such as the trigeminal, facial, glossopharyngeal, and vagus nerves.
The cranial nerves are connected to the same side of the brain from which the
sensory information originates.

## [ 14.2 Central Processing  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/14-2-central-processing)

Sensory input to the brain enters through pathways that travel through either
the spinal cord (for somatosensory input from the body) or the brain stem (for
everything else, except the visual and olfactory systems) to reach the
diencephalon. In the diencephalon, sensory pathways reach the thalamus. This
is necessary for all sensory systems to reach the cerebral cortex, except for
the olfactory system that is directly connected to the frontal and temporal
lobes.

The two major tracts in the spinal cord, originating from sensory neurons in
the dorsal root ganglia, are the dorsal column system and the spinothalamic
tract. The major differences between the two are in the type of information
that is relayed to the brain and where the tracts decussate. The dorsal column
system primarily carries information about touch and proprioception and
crosses the midline in the medulla. The spinothalamic tract is primarily
responsible for pain and temperature sensation and crosses the midline in the
spinal cord at the level at which it enters. The trigeminal nerve adds similar
sensation information from the head to these pathways.

The auditory pathway passes through multiple nuclei in the brain stem in which
additional information is extracted from the basic frequency stimuli processed
by the cochlea. Sound localization is made possible through the activity of
these brain stem structures. The vestibular system enters the brain stem and
influences activity in the cerebellum, spinal cord, and cerebral cortex.

The visual pathway segregates information from the two eyes so that one half
of the visual field projects to the other side of the brain. Within visual
cortical areas, the perception of the stimuli and their location is passed
along two streams, one ventral and one dorsal. The ventral visual stream
connects to structures in the temporal lobe that are important for long-term
memory formation. The dorsal visual stream interacts with the somatosensory
cortex in the parietal lobe, and together they can influence the activity in
the frontal lobe to generate movements of the body in relation to visual
information.

## [ 14.3 Motor Responses  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/14-3-motor-responses)

The motor components of the somatic nervous system begin with the frontal lobe
of the brain, where the prefrontal cortex is responsible for higher functions
such as working memory. The integrative and associate functions of the
prefrontal lobe feed into the secondary motor areas, which help plan
movements. The premotor cortex and supplemental motor area then feed into the
primary motor cortex that initiates movements. Large Betz cells project
through the corticobulbar and corticospinal tracts to synapse on lower motor
neurons in the brain stem and ventral horn of the spinal cord, respectively.
These connections are responsible for generating movements of skeletal
muscles.

The extrapyramidal system includes projections from the brain stem and higher
centers that influence movement, mostly to maintain balance and posture, as
well as to maintain muscle tone. The superior colliculus and red nucleus in
the midbrain, the vestibular nuclei in the medulla, and the reticular
formation throughout the brain stem each have tracts projecting to the spinal
cord in this system. Descending input from the secondary motor cortices, basal
nuclei, and cerebellum connect to the origins of these tracts in the brain
stem.

All of these motor pathways project to the spinal cord to synapse with motor
neurons in the ventral horn of the spinal cord. These lower motor neurons are
the cells that connect to skeletal muscle and cause contractions. These
neurons project through the spinal nerves to connect to the muscles at
neuromuscular junctions. One motor neuron connects to multiple muscle fibers
within a target muscle. The number of fibers that are innervated by a single
motor neuron varies on the basis of the precision necessary for that muscle
and the amount of force necessary for that motor unit. The quadriceps, for
example, have many fibers controlled by single motor neurons for powerful
contractions that do not need to be precise. The extraocular muscles have only
a small number of fibers controlled by each motor neuron because moving the
eyes does not require much force, but needs to be very precise.

Reflexes are the simplest circuits within the somatic nervous system. A
withdrawal reflex from a painful stimulus only requires the sensory fiber that
enters the spinal cord and the motor neuron that projects to a muscle.
Antagonist and postural muscles can be coordinated with the withdrawal, making
the connections more complex. The simple, single neuronal connection is the
basis of somatic reflexes. The corneal reflex is contraction of the
orbicularis oculi muscle to blink the eyelid when something touches the
surface of the eye. Stretch reflexes maintain a constant length of muscles by
causing a contraction of a muscle to compensate for a stretch that can be
sensed by a specialized receptor called a muscle spindle.

