1. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/neuroexam) that provides a
demonstration of the neurological exam—a series of tests that can be performed
rapidly when a patient is initially brought into an emergency department. The
exam can be repeated on a regular basis to keep a record of how and if
neurological function changes over time. In what order were the sections of
the neurological exam tested in this video, and which section seemed to be
left out?

2. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/neuroexam2) for an introduction to
the neurological exam. Studying the neurological exam can give insight into
how structure and function in the nervous system are interdependent. This is a
tool both in the clinic and in the classroom, but for different reasons. In
the clinic, this is a powerful but simple tool to assess a patient’s
neurological function. In the classroom, it is a different way to think about
the nervous system. Though medical technology provides noninvasive imaging and
real-time functional data, the presenter says these cannot replace the history
at the core of the medical examination. What does history mean in the context
of medical practice?

3. 

Read this [article](http://openstax.org/l/3word) to learn about a young man
who texts his fiancée in a panic as he finds that he is having trouble
remembering things. At the hospital, a neurologist administers the mental
status exam, which is mostly normal except for the three-word recall test. The
young man could not recall them even 30 seconds after hearing them and
repeating them back to the doctor. An undiscovered mass in the mediastinum
region was found to be Hodgkin’s lymphoma, a type of cancer that affects the
immune system and likely caused antibodies to attack the nervous system. The
patient eventually regained his ability to remember, though the events in the
hospital were always elusive. Considering that the effects on memory were
temporary, but resulted in the loss of the specific events of the hospital
stay, what regions of the brain were likely to have been affected by the
antibodies and what type of memory does that represent?

4. 

Watch the [video](http://openstax.org/l/2brains) titled “The Man With Two
Brains” to see the neuroscientist Michael Gazzaniga introduce a patient he has
worked with for years who has had his corpus callosum cut, separating his two
cerebral hemispheres. A few tests are run to demonstrate how this manifests in
tests of cerebral function. Unlike normal people, this patient can perform two
independent tasks at the same time because the lines of communication between
the right and left sides of his brain have been removed. Whereas a person with
an intact corpus callosum cannot overcome the dominance of one hemisphere over
the other, this patient can. If the left cerebral hemisphere is dominant in
the majority of people, why would right-handedness be most common?

5. 

Watch this short [video](http://openstax.org/l/facialnerve) to see an
examination of the facial nerve using some simple tests. The facial nerve
controls the muscles of facial expression. Severe deficits will be obvious in
watching someone use those muscles for normal control. One side of the face
might not move like the other side. But directed tests, especially for
contraction against resistance, require a formal testing of the muscles. The
muscles of the upper and lower face need to be tested. The strength test in
this video involves the patient squeezing her eyes shut and the examiner
trying to pry her eyes open. Why does the examiner ask her to try a second
time?

6. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/2point) to see a quick demonstration
of two-point discrimination. Touching a specialized caliper to the surface of
the skin will measure the distance between two points that are perceived as
distinct stimuli versus a single stimulus. The patient keeps their eyes closed
while the examiner switches between using both points of the caliper or just
one. The patient then must indicate whether one or two stimuli are in contact
with the skin. Why is the distance between the caliper points closer on the
fingertips as opposed to the palm of the hand? And what do you think the
distance would be on the arm, or the shoulder?

7. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/reflextest) to see how to test
reflexes in the abdomen. Testing reflexes of the trunk is not commonly
performed in the neurological exam, but if findings suggest a problem with the
thoracic segments of the spinal cord, a series of superficial reflexes of the
abdomen can localize function to those segments. If contraction is not
observed when the skin lateral to the umbilicus (belly button) is stimulated,
what level of the spinal cord may be damaged?

8. 

Watch this short [video](http://openstax.org/l/stationtest) to see a test for
station. Station refers to the position a person adopts when they are standing
still. The examiner would look for issues with balance, which coordinates
proprioceptive, vestibular, and visual information in the cerebellum. To test
the ability of a subject to maintain balance, asking them to stand or hop on
one foot can be more demanding. The examiner may also push the subject to see
if they can maintain balance. An abnormal finding in the test of station is if
the feet are placed far apart. Why would a wide stance suggest problems with
cerebellar function?

