## [ 3.1 The Cell Membrane  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/3-1-the-cell-membrane)

The cell membrane provides a barrier around the cell, separating its internal
components from the extracellular environment. It is composed of a
phospholipid bilayer, with hydrophobic internal lipid “tails” and hydrophilic
external phosphate “heads.” Various membrane proteins are scattered throughout
the bilayer, both inserted within it and attached to it peripherally. The cell
membrane is selectively permeable, allowing only a limited number of materials
to diffuse through its lipid bilayer. All materials that cross the membrane do
so using passive (non energy-requiring) or active (energy-requiring) transport
processes. During passive transport, materials move by simple diffusion or by
facilitated diffusion through the membrane, down their concentration gradient.
Water passes through the membrane in a diffusion process called osmosis.
During active transport, energy is expended to assist material movement across
the membrane in a direction against their concentration gradient. Active
transport may take place with the help of protein pumps or through the use of
vesicles.

## [ 3.2 The Cytoplasm and Cellular Organelles
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/3-2-the-
cytoplasm-and-cellular-organelles)

The internal environment of a living cell is made up of a fluid, jelly-like
substance called cytosol, which consists mainly of water, but also contains
various dissolved nutrients and other molecules. The cell contains an array of
cellular organelles, each one performing a unique function and helping to
maintain the health and activity of the cell. The cytosol and organelles
together compose the cell’s cytoplasm. Most organelles are surrounded by a
lipid membrane similar to the cell membrane of the cell. The endoplasmic
reticulum (ER), Golgi apparatus, and lysosomes share a functional connectivity
and are collectively referred to as the endomembrane system. There are two
types of ER: smooth and rough. While the smooth ER performs many functions,
including lipid synthesis and ion storage, the rough ER is mainly responsible
for protein synthesis using its associated ribosomes. The rough ER sends newly
made proteins to the Golgi apparatus where they are modified and packaged for
delivery to various locations within or outside of the cell. Some of these
protein products are enzymes destined to break down unwanted material and are
packaged as lysosomes for use inside the cell.

Cells also contain mitochondria and peroxisomes, which are the organelles
responsible for producing the cell’s energy supply and detoxifying certain
chemicals, respectively. Biochemical reactions within mitochondria transform
energy-carrying molecules into the usable form of cellular energy known as
ATP. Peroxisomes contain enzymes that transform harmful substances such as
free radicals into oxygen and water. Cells also contain a miniaturized
“skeleton” of protein filaments that extend throughout its interior. Three
different kinds of filaments compose this cytoskeleton (in order of increasing
thickness): microfilaments, intermediate filaments, and microtubules. Each
cytoskeletal component performs unique functions as well as provides a
supportive framework for the cell.

## [ 3.3 The Nucleus and DNA Replication
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/3-3-the-nucleus-
and-dna-replication)

The nucleus is the command center of the cell, containing the genetic
instructions for all of the materials a cell will make (and thus all of its
functions it can perform). The nucleus is encased within a membrane of two
interconnected lipid bilayers, side-by-side. This nuclear envelope is studded
with protein-lined pores that allow materials to be trafficked into and out of
the nucleus. The nucleus contains one or more nucleoli, which serve as sites
for ribosome synthesis. The nucleus houses the genetic material of the cell:
DNA. DNA is normally found as a loosely contained structure called chromatin
within the nucleus, where it is wound up and associated with a variety of
histone proteins. When a cell is about to divide, the chromatin coils tightly
and condenses to form chromosomes.

There is a pool of cells constantly dividing within your body. The result is
billions of new cells being created each day. Before any cell is ready to
divide, it must replicate its DNA so that each new daughter cell will receive
an exact copy of the organism’s genome. A variety of enzymes are enlisted
during DNA replication. These enzymes unwind the DNA molecule, separate the
two strands, and assist with the building of complementary strands along each
parent strand. The original DNA strands serve as templates from which the
nucleotide sequence of the new strands are determined and synthesized. When
replication is completed, two identical DNA molecules exist. Each one contains
one original strand and one newly synthesized complementary strand.

## [ 3.4 Protein Synthesis  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/3-4-protein-synthesis)

DNA stores the information necessary for instructing the cell to perform all
of its functions. Cells use the genetic code stored within DNA to build
proteins, which ultimately determine the structure and function of the cell.
This genetic code lies in the particular sequence of nucleotides that make up
each gene along the DNA molecule. To “read” this code, the cell must perform
two sequential steps. In the first step, transcription, the DNA code is
converted into an RNA code. A molecule of messenger RNA that is complementary
to a specific gene is synthesized in a process similar to DNA replication. The
molecule of mRNA provides the code to synthesize a protein. In the process of
translation, the mRNA attaches to a ribosome. Next, tRNA molecules shuttle the
appropriate amino acids to the ribosome, one-by-one, coded by sequential
triplet codons on the mRNA, until the protein is fully synthesized. When
completed, the mRNA detaches from the ribosome, and the protein is released.
Typically, multiple ribosomes attach to a single mRNA molecule at once such
that multiple proteins can be manufactured from the mRNA concurrently.

## [ 3.5 Cell Growth and Division  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/3-5-cell-growth-and-division)

The life of cell consists of stages that make up the cell cycle. After a cell
is born, it passes through an interphase before it is ready to replicate
itself and produce daughter cells. This interphase includes two gap phases (G1
and G2), as well as an S phase, during which its DNA is replicated in
preparation for cell division. The cell cycle is under precise regulation by
chemical messengers both inside and outside the cell that provide “stop” and
“go” signals for movement from one phase to the next. Failures of these
signals can result in cells that continue to divide uncontrollably, which can
lead to cancer.

Once a cell has completed interphase and is ready for cell division, it
proceeds through four separate stages of mitosis (prophase, metaphase,
anaphase, and telophase). Telophase is followed by the division of the
cytoplasm (cytokinesis), which generates two daughter cells. This process
takes place in all normally dividing cells of the body except for the germ
cells that produce eggs and sperm.

## [ 3.6 Cellular Differentiation  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/3-6-cellular-differentiation)

One of the major areas of research in biology is that of how cells specialize
to assume their unique structures and functions, since all cells essentially
originate from a single fertilized egg. Cell differentiation is the process of
cells becoming specialized as the body develops. A stem cell is an
unspecialized cell that can divide without limit as needed and can, under
specific conditions, differentiate into specialized cells. Stem cells are
divided into several categories according to their potential to differentiate.
While all somatic cells contain the exact same genome, different cell types
only express some of those genes at any given time. These differences in gene
expression ultimately dictate a cell’s unique morphological and physiological
characteristics. The primary mechanism that determines which genes will be
expressed and which ones will not is through the use of different
transcription factor proteins, which bind to DNA and promote or hinder the
transcription of different genes. Through the action of these transcription
factors, cells specialize into one of hundreds of different cell types in the
human body.

