## [ 22.1 Organs and Structures of the Respiratory System
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/22-1-organs-and-
structures-of-the-respiratory-system)

The respiratory system is responsible for obtaining oxygen and getting rid of
carbon dioxide, and aiding in speech production and in sensing odors. From a
functional perspective, the respiratory system can be divided into two major
areas: the conducting zone and the respiratory zone. The conducting zone
consists of all of the structures that provide passageways for air to travel
into and out of the lungs: the nasal cavity, pharynx, trachea, bronchi, and
most bronchioles. The nasal passages contain the conchae and meatuses that
expand the surface area of the cavity, which helps to warm and humidify
incoming air, while removing debris and pathogens. The pharynx is composed of
three major sections: the nasopharynx, which is continuous with the nasal
cavity; the oropharynx, which borders the nasopharynx and the oral cavity; and
the laryngopharynx, which borders the oropharynx, trachea, and esophagus. The
respiratory zone includes the structures of the lung that are directly
involved in gas exchange: the terminal bronchioles and alveoli.

The lining of the conducting zone is composed mostly of pseudostratified
ciliated columnar epithelium with goblet cells. The mucus traps pathogens and
debris, whereas beating cilia move the mucus superiorly toward the throat,
where it is swallowed. As the bronchioles become smaller and smaller, and
nearer the alveoli, the epithelium thins and is simple squamous epithelium in
the alveoli. The endothelium of the surrounding capillaries, together with the
alveolar epithelium, forms the respiratory membrane. This is a blood-air
barrier through which gas exchange occurs by simple diffusion.

## [ 22.2 The Lungs  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/22-2-the-lungs)

The lungs are the major organs of the respiratory system and are responsible
for performing gas exchange. The lungs are paired and separated into lobes;
The left lung consists of two lobes, whereas the right lung consists of three
lobes. Blood circulation is very important, as blood is required to transport
oxygen from the lungs to other tissues throughout the body. The function of
the pulmonary circulation is to aid in gas exchange. The pulmonary artery
provides deoxygenated blood to the capillaries that form respiratory membranes
with the alveoli, and the pulmonary veins return newly oxygenated blood to the
heart for further transport throughout the body. The lungs are innervated by
the parasympathetic and sympathetic nervous systems, which coordinate the
bronchodilation and bronchoconstriction of the airways. The lungs are enclosed
by the pleura, a membrane that is composed of visceral and parietal pleural
layers. The space between these two layers is called the pleural cavity. The
mesothelial cells of the pleural membrane create pleural fluid, which serves
as both a lubricant (to reduce friction during breathing) and as an adhesive
to adhere the lungs to the thoracic wall (to facilitate movement of the lungs
during ventilation).

## [ 22.3 The Process of Breathing  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/22-3-the-process-of-breathing)

Pulmonary ventilation is the process of breathing, which is driven by pressure
differences between the lungs and the atmosphere. Atmospheric pressure is the
force exerted by gases present in the atmosphere. The force exerted by gases
within the alveoli is called intra-alveolar (intrapulmonary) pressure, whereas
the force exerted by gases in the pleural cavity is called intrapleural
pressure. Typically, intrapleural pressure is lower, or negative to, intra-
alveolar pressure. The difference in pressure between intrapleural and intra-
alveolar pressures is called transpulmonary pressure. In addition, intra-
alveolar pressure will equalize with the atmospheric pressure. Pressure is
determined by the volume of the space occupied by a gas and is influenced by
resistance. Air flows when a pressure gradient is created, from a space of
higher pressure to a space of lower pressure. Boyle’s law describes the
relationship between volume and pressure. A gas is at lower pressure in a
larger volume because the gas molecules have more space to in which to move.
The same quantity of gas in a smaller volume results in gas molecules crowding
together, producing increased pressure.

Resistance is created by inelastic surfaces, as well as the diameter of the
airways. Resistance reduces the flow of gases. The surface tension of the
alveoli also influences pressure, as it opposes the expansion of the alveoli.
However, pulmonary surfactant helps to reduce the surface tension so that the
alveoli do not collapse during expiration. The ability of the lungs to
stretch, called lung compliance, also plays a role in gas flow. The more the
lungs can stretch, the greater the potential volume of the lungs. The greater
the volume of the lungs, the lower the air pressure within the lungs.

Pulmonary ventilation consists of the process of inspiration (or inhalation),
where air enters the lungs, and expiration (or exhalation), where air leaves
the lungs. During inspiration, the diaphragm and external intercostal muscles
contract, causing the rib cage to expand and move outward, and expanding the
thoracic cavity and lung volume. This creates a lower pressure within the lung
than that of the atmosphere, causing air to be drawn into the lungs. During
expiration, the diaphragm and intercostals relax, causing the thorax and lungs
to recoil. The air pressure within the lungs increases to above the pressure
of the atmosphere, causing air to be forced out of the lungs. However, during
forced exhalation, the internal intercostals and abdominal muscles may be
involved in forcing air out of the lungs.

Respiratory volume describes the amount of air in a given space within the
lungs, or which can be moved by the lung, and is dependent on a variety of
factors. Tidal volume refers to the amount of air that enters the lungs during
quiet breathing, whereas inspiratory reserve volume is the amount of air that
enters the lungs when a person inhales past the tidal volume. Expiratory
reserve volume is the extra amount of air that can leave with forceful
expiration, following tidal expiration. Residual volume is the amount of air
that is left in the lungs after expelling the expiratory reserve volume.
Respiratory capacity is the combination of two or more volumes. Anatomical
dead space refers to the air within the respiratory structures that never
participates in gas exchange, because it does not reach functional alveoli.
Respiratory rate is the number of breaths taken per minute, which may change
during certain diseases or conditions.

Both respiratory rate and depth are controlled by the respiratory centers of
the brain, which are stimulated by factors such as chemical and pH changes in
the blood. These changes are sensed by central chemoreceptors, which are
located in the brain, and peripheral chemoreceptors, which are located in the
aortic arch and carotid arteries. A rise in carbon dioxide or a decline in
oxygen levels in the blood stimulates an increase in respiratory rate and
depth.

## [ 22.4 Gas Exchange  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/22-4-gas-exchange)

The behavior of gases can be explained by the principles of Dalton’s law and
Henry’s law, both of which describe aspects of gas exchange. Dalton’s law
states that each specific gas in a mixture of gases exerts force (its partial
pressure) independently of the other gases in the mixture. Henry’s law states
that the amount of a specific gas that dissolves in a liquid is a function of
its partial pressure. The greater the partial pressure of a gas, the more of
that gas will dissolve in a liquid, as the gas moves toward equilibrium. Gas
molecules move down a pressure gradient; in other words, gas moves from a
region of high pressure to a region of low pressure. The partial pressure of
oxygen is high in the alveoli and low in the blood of the pulmonary
capillaries. As a result, oxygen diffuses across the respiratory membrane from
the alveoli into the blood. In contrast, the partial pressure of carbon
dioxide is high in the pulmonary capillaries and low in the alveoli.
Therefore, carbon dioxide diffuses across the respiratory membrane from the
blood into the alveoli. The amount of oxygen and carbon dioxide that diffuses
across the respiratory membrane is similar.

Ventilation is the process that moves air into and out of the alveoli, and
perfusion affects the flow of blood in the capillaries. Both are important in
gas exchange, as ventilation must be sufficient to create a high partial
pressure of oxygen in the alveoli. If ventilation is insufficient and the
partial pressure of oxygen drops in the alveolar air, the capillary is
constricted and blood flow is redirected to alveoli with sufficient
ventilation. External respiration refers to gas exchange that occurs in the
alveoli, whereas internal respiration refers to gas exchange that occurs in
the tissue. Both are driven by partial pressure differences.

## [ 22.5 Transport of Gases  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/22-5-transport-of-gases)

Oxygen is primarily transported through the blood by erythrocytes. These cells
contain a metalloprotein called hemoglobin, which is composed of four subunits
with a ring-like structure. Each subunit contains one atom of iron bound to a
molecule of heme. Heme binds oxygen so that each hemoglobin molecule can bind
up to four oxygen molecules. When all of the heme units in the blood are bound
to oxygen, hemoglobin is considered to be saturated. Hemoglobin is partially
saturated when only some heme units are bound to oxygen. An oxygen–hemoglobin
saturation/dissociation curve is a common way to depict the relationship of
how easily oxygen binds to or dissociates from hemoglobin as a function of the
partial pressure of oxygen. As the partial pressure of oxygen increases, the
more readily hemoglobin binds to oxygen. At the same time, once one molecule
of oxygen is bound by hemoglobin, additional oxygen molecules more readily
bind to hemoglobin. Other factors such as temperature, pH, the partial
pressure of carbon dioxide, and the concentration of 2,3-bisphosphoglycerate
can enhance or inhibit the binding of hemoglobin and oxygen as well. Fetal
hemoglobin has a different structure than adult hemoglobin, which results in
fetal hemoglobin having a greater affinity for oxygen than adult hemoglobin.

Carbon dioxide is transported in blood by three different mechanisms: as
dissolved carbon dioxide, as bicarbonate, or as carbaminohemoglobin. A small
portion of carbon dioxide remains. The largest amount of transported carbon
dioxide is as bicarbonate, formed in erythrocytes. For this conversion, carbon
dioxide is combined with water with the aid of an enzyme called carbonic
anhydrase. This combination forms carbonic acid, which spontaneously
dissociates into bicarbonate and hydrogen ions. As bicarbonate builds up in
erythrocytes, it is moved across the membrane into the plasma in exchange for
chloride ions by a mechanism called the chloride shift. At the pulmonary
capillaries, bicarbonate re-enters erythrocytes in exchange for chloride ions,
and the reaction with carbonic anhydrase is reversed, recreating carbon
dioxide and water. Carbon dioxide then diffuses out of the erythrocyte and
across the respiratory membrane into the air. An intermediate amount of carbon
dioxide binds directly to hemoglobin to form carbaminohemoglobin. The partial
pressures of carbon dioxide and oxygen, as well as the oxygen saturation of
hemoglobin, influence how readily hemoglobin binds carbon dioxide. The less
saturated hemoglobin is and the lower the partial pressure of oxygen in the
blood is, the more readily hemoglobin binds to carbon dioxide. This is an
example of the Haldane effect.

## [ 22.6 Modifications in Respiratory Functions
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/22-6-modifications-in-respiratory-functions)

Normally, the respiratory centers of the brain maintain a consistent, rhythmic
breathing cycle. However, in certain cases, the respiratory system must adjust
to situational changes in order to supply the body with sufficient oxygen. For
example, exercise results in increased ventilation, and chronic exposure to a
high altitude results in a greater number of circulating erythrocytes.
Hyperpnea, an increase in the rate and depth of ventilation, appears to be a
function of three neural mechanisms that include a psychological stimulus,
motor neuron activation of skeletal muscles, and the activation of
proprioceptors in the muscles, joints, and tendons. As a result, hyperpnea
related to exercise is initiated when exercise begins, as opposed to when
tissue oxygen demand actually increases.

In contrast, acute exposure to a high altitude, particularly during times of
physical exertion, does result in low blood and tissue levels of oxygen. This
change is caused by a low partial pressure of oxygen in the air, because the
atmospheric pressure at high altitudes is lower than the atmospheric pressure
at sea level. This can lead to a condition called acute mountain sickness
(AMS) with symptoms that include headaches, disorientation, fatigue, nausea,
and lightheadedness. Over a long period of time, a person’s body will adjust
to the high altitude, a process called acclimatization. During
acclimatization, the low tissue levels of oxygen will cause the kidneys to
produce greater amounts of the hormone erythropoietin, which stimulates the
production of erythrocytes. Increased levels of circulating erythrocytes
provide an increased amount of hemoglobin that helps supply an individual with
more oxygen, preventing the symptoms of AMS.

## [ 22.7 Embryonic Development of the Respiratory System
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/22-7-embryonic-
development-of-the-respiratory-system)

The development of the respiratory system in the fetus begins at about 4 weeks
and continues into childhood. Ectodermal tissue in the anterior portion of the
head region invaginates posteriorly, forming olfactory pits, which ultimately
fuse with endodermal tissue of the early pharynx. At about this same time, a
protrusion of endodermal tissue extends anteriorly from the foregut, producing
a lung bud, which continues to elongate until it forms the laryngotracheal
bud. The proximal portion of this structure will mature into the trachea,
whereas the bulbous end will branch to form two bronchial buds. These buds
then branch repeatedly, so that at about week 16, all major airway structures
are present. Development progresses after week 16 as respiratory bronchioles
and alveolar ducts form, and extensive vascularization occurs. Alveolar type I
cells also begin to take shape. Type II pulmonary cells develop and begin to
produce small amounts of surfactant. As the fetus grows, the respiratory
system continues to expand as more alveoli develop and more surfactant is
produced. Beginning at about week 36 and lasting into childhood, alveolar
precursors mature to become fully functional alveoli. At birth, compression of
the thoracic cavity forces much of the fluid in the lungs to be expelled. The
first inhalation inflates the lungs. Fetal breathing movements begin around
week 20 or 21, and occur when contractions of the respiratory muscles cause
the fetus to inhale and exhale amniotic fluid. These movements continue until
birth and may help to tone the muscles in preparation for breathing after
birth and are a sign of good health.

