1. 

Go to this [website](http://openstax.org/l/childhand) to view a radiograph
(X-ray image) of a child’s hand and wrist. The growing bones of child have an
epiphyseal plate that forms a synchondrosis between the shaft and end of a
long bone. Being less dense than bone, the area of epiphyseal cartilage is
seen on this radiograph as the dark epiphyseal gaps located near the ends of
the long bones, including the radius, ulna, metacarpal, and phalanx bones.
Which of the bones in this image do not show an epiphyseal plate (epiphyseal
gap)?

2. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/synjoints) to see an animation of
synovial joints in action. Synovial joints are places where bones articulate
with each other inside of a joint cavity. The different types of synovial
joints are the ball-and-socket joint (shoulder joint), hinge joint (knee),
pivot joint (atlantoaxial joint, between C1 and C2 vertebrae of the neck),
condyloid joint (radiocarpal joint of the wrist), saddle joint (first
carpometacarpal joint, between the trapezium carpal bone and the first
metacarpal bone, at the base of the thumb), and plane joint (facet joints of
vertebral column, between superior and inferior articular processes). Which
type of synovial joint allows for the widest ranges of motion?

3. 

Visit this [website](http://openstax.org/l/gout) to read about a patient who
arrives at the hospital with joint pain and weakness in his legs. What caused
this patient’s weakness?

4. 

Watch this [animation](http://openstax.org/l/hipreplace) to observe hip
replacement surgery (total hip arthroplasty), which can be used to alleviate
the pain and loss of joint mobility associated with osteoarthritis of the hip
joint. What is the most common cause of hip disability?

5. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/rheuarthritis) to learn about the
symptoms and treatments for rheumatoid arthritis. Which system of the body
malfunctions in rheumatoid arthritis and what does this cause?

6. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/anatomical) to learn about anatomical
motions. What motions involve increasing or decreasing the angle of the foot
at the ankle?

7. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/TMJ) to learn about TMJ. Opening of
the mouth requires the combination of two motions at the temporomandibular
joint, an anterior gliding motion of the articular disc and mandible and the
downward hinging of the mandible. What is the initial movement of the mandible
during opening and how much mouth opening does this produce?

8. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/shoulderjoint1) for a tutorial on the
anatomy of the shoulder joint. What movements are available at the shoulder
joint?

9. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/shoulderjoint2) to learn about the
anatomy of the shoulder joint, including bones, joints, muscles, nerves, and
blood vessels. What is the shape of the glenoid labrum in cross-section, and
what is the importance of this shape?

10. 

Watch this [animation](http://openstax.org/l/elbowjoint1) to learn more about
the anatomy of the elbow joint. What structures provide the main stability for
the elbow?

11. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/elbowjoint2) to learn more about the
anatomy of the elbow joint, including bones, joints, muscles, nerves, and
blood vessels. What are the functions of the articular cartilage?

12. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/hipjoint1) for a tutorial on the
anatomy of the hip joint. What is a possible consequence following a fracture
of the femoral neck within the capsule of the hip joint?

13. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/hipjoint2) to learn more about the
anatomy of the hip joint, including bones, joints, muscles, nerves, and blood
vessels. Where is the articular cartilage thickest within the hip joint?

14. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/flexext) to learn more about the
flexion and extension of the knee, as the femur both rolls and glides on the
tibia to maintain stable contact between the bones in all knee positions. The
patella glides along a groove on the anterior side of the distal femur. The
collateral ligaments on the sides of the knee become tight in the fully
extended position to help stabilize the knee. The posterior cruciate ligament
supports the knee when flexed and the anterior cruciate ligament becomes tight
when the knee comes into full extension to resist hyperextension. What are the
ligaments that support the knee joint?

15. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/kneejoint1) to learn more about the
anatomy of the knee joint, including bones, joints, muscles, nerves, and blood
vessels. Which ligament of the knee keeps the tibia from sliding too far
forward in relation to the femur and which ligament keeps the tibia from
sliding too far backward?

16. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/kneeinjury) to learn more about
different knee injuries and diagnostic testing of the knee. What are the most
causes of anterior cruciate ligament injury?

17. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/anklejoint1) for a tutorial on the
anatomy of the ankle joint. What are the three ligaments found on the lateral
side of the ankle joint?

18. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/anklejoint2) to learn more about the
anatomy of the ankle joint, including bones, joints, muscles, nerves, and
blood vessels. The ankle joint resembles what type of joint used in
woodworking?

19. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/anklejoint3) to learn about the
ligaments of the ankle joint, ankle sprains, and treatment. During an
inversion ankle sprain injury, all three ligaments that resist excessive
inversion of the foot may be injured. What is the sequence in which these
three ligaments are injured?

