1. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/fightflight) to learn more about
adrenaline and the fight-or-flight response. When someone is said to have a
rush of adrenaline, the image of bungee jumpers or skydivers usually comes to
mind. But adrenaline, also known as epinephrine, is an important chemical in
coordinating the body’s fight-or-flight response. In this video, you look
inside the physiology of the fight-or-flight response, as envisioned for a
firefighter. His body’s reaction is the result of the sympathetic division of
the autonomic nervous system causing system-wide changes as it prepares for
extreme responses. What two changes does adrenaline bring about to help the
skeletal muscle response?

2. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/nervsystem1) to learn more about the
nervous system. As described in this video, the nervous system has a way to
deal with threats and stress that is separate from the conscious control of
the somatic nervous system. The system comes from a time when threats were
about survival, but in the modern age, these responses become part of stress
and anxiety. This video describes how the autonomic system is only part of the
response to threats, or stressors. What other organ system gets involved, and
what part of the brain coordinates the two systems for the entire response,
including epinephrine (adrenaline) and cortisol?

3. 

Read this [article](http://openstax.org/l/strokespell) to learn about a
teenager who experiences a series of spells that suggest a stroke. He
undergoes endless tests and seeks input from multiple doctors. In the end, one
expert, one question, and a simple blood pressure cuff answers the question.
Why would the heart have to beat faster when the teenager changes his body
position from lying down to sitting, and then to standing?

4. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/pupillary) to learn about the
pupillary reflexes. The pupillary light reflex involves sensory input through
the optic nerve and motor response through the oculomotor nerve to the ciliary
ganglion, which projects to the circular fibers of the iris. As shown in this
short animation, pupils will constrict to limit the amount of light falling on
the retina under bright lighting conditions. What constitutes the afferent and
efferent branches of the competing reflex (dilation)?

5. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/emotions) to learn about physical
responses to emotion. The autonomic system, which is important for regulating
the homeostasis of the organ systems, is also responsible for our
physiological responses to emotions such as fear. The video summarizes the
extent of the body’s reactions and describes several effects of the autonomic
system in response to fear. On the basis of what you have already studied
about autonomic function, which effect would you expect to be associated with
parasympathetic, rather than sympathetic, activity?

6. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/3Dmovies) to learn about the side
effects of 3-D movies. As discussed in this video, movies that are shot in 3-D
can cause motion sickness, which elicits the autonomic symptoms of nausea and
sweating. The disconnection between the perceived motion on the screen and the
lack of any change in equilibrium stimulates these symptoms. Why do you think
sitting close to the screen or right in the middle of the theater makes motion
sickness during a 3-D movie worse?

