31. 

Identify the four types of tissue in the body, and describe the major
functions of each tissue.

32. 

The zygote is described as totipotent because it ultimately gives rise to all
the cells in your body including the highly specialized cells of your nervous
system. Describe this transition, discussing the steps and processes that lead
to these specialized cells.

33. 

What is the function of synovial membranes?

34. 

The structure of a tissue usually is optimized for its function. Describe how
the structure of the mucosa and its cells match its function of nutrient
absorption.

35. 

One of the main functions of connective tissue is to integrate organs and
organ systems in the body. Discuss how blood fulfills this role.

36. 

Why does an injury to cartilage, especially hyaline cartilage, heal much more
slowly than a bone fracture?

37. 

You are watching cells in a dish spontaneously contract. They are all
contracting at different rates; some fast, some slow. After a while, several
cells link up and they begin contracting in synchrony. Discuss what is going
on and what type of cells you are looking at.

38. 

Why does skeletal muscle look striated?

39. 

Which morphological adaptations of neurons make them suitable for the
transmission of nerve impulse?

40. 

What are the functions of astrocytes?

41. 

Why is it important to watch for increased redness, swelling and pain after a
cut or abrasion has been cleaned and bandaged?

42. 

Aspirin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that inhibits the
formation of blood clots and is taken regularly by individuals with a heart
condition. Steroids such as cortisol are used to control some autoimmune
diseases and severe arthritis by down-regulating the inflammatory response.
After reading the role of inflammation in the body’s response to infection,
can you predict an undesirable consequence of taking anti-inflammatory drugs
on a regular basis?

43. 

As an individual ages, a constellation of symptoms begins the decline to the
point where an individual’s functioning is compromised. Identify and discuss
two factors that have a role in factors leading to the compromised situation.

44. 

Discuss changes that occur in cells as a person ages.

