## [ 17.1 An Overview of the Endocrine System
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/17-1-an-overview-
of-the-endocrine-system)

The endocrine system consists of cells, tissues, and organs that secrete
hormones critical to homeostasis. The body coordinates its functions through
two major types of communication: neural and endocrine. Neural communication
includes both electrical and chemical signaling between neurons and target
cells. Endocrine communication involves chemical signaling via the release of
hormones into the extracellular fluid. From there, hormones diffuse into the
bloodstream and may travel to distant body regions, where they elicit a
response in target cells. Endocrine glands are ductless glands that secrete
hormones. Many organs of the body with other primary functions—such as the
heart, stomach, and kidneys—also have hormone-secreting cells.

## [ 17.2 Hormones  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/17-2-hormones)

Hormones are derived from amino acids or lipids. Amine hormones originate from
the amino acids tryptophan or tyrosine. Larger amino acid hormones include
peptides and protein hormones. Steroid hormones are derived from cholesterol.

Steroid hormones and thyroid hormone are lipid soluble. All other amino
acid–derived hormones are water soluble. Hydrophobic hormones are able to
diffuse through the membrane and interact with an intracellular receptor. In
contrast, hydrophilic hormones must interact with cell membrane receptors.
These are typically associated with a G protein, which becomes activated when
the hormone binds the receptor. This initiates a signaling cascade that
involves a second messenger, such as cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP).
Second messenger systems greatly amplify the hormone signal, creating a
broader, more efficient, and faster response.

Hormones are released upon stimulation that is of either chemical or neural
origin. Regulation of hormone release is primarily achieved through negative
feedback. Various stimuli may cause the release of hormones, but there are
three major types. Humoral stimuli are changes in ion or nutrient levels in
the blood. Hormonal stimuli are changes in hormone levels that initiate or
inhibit the secretion of another hormone. Finally, a neural stimulus occurs
when a nerve impulse prompts the secretion or inhibition of a hormone.

## [ 17.3 The Pituitary Gland and Hypothalamus
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/17-3-the-
pituitary-gland-and-hypothalamus)

The hypothalamus–pituitary complex is located in the diencephalon of the
brain. The hypothalamus and the pituitary gland are connected by a structure
called the infundibulum, which contains vasculature and nerve axons. The
pituitary gland is divided into two distinct structures with different
embryonic origins. The posterior lobe houses the axon terminals of
hypothalamic neurons. It stores and releases into the bloodstream two
hypothalamic hormones: oxytocin and antidiuretic hormone (ADH). The anterior
lobe is connected to the hypothalamus by vasculature in the infundibulum and
produces and secretes six hormones. Their secretion is regulated, however, by
releasing and inhibiting hormones from the hypothalamus. The six anterior
pituitary hormones are: growth hormone (GH), thyroid-stimulating hormone
(TSH), adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH),
luteinizing hormone (LH), and prolactin (PRL).

## [ 17.4 The Thyroid Gland  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/17-4-the-thyroid-gland)

The thyroid gland is a butterfly-shaped organ located in the neck anterior to
the trachea. Its hormones regulate basal metabolism, oxygen use, nutrient
metabolism, the production of ATP, and calcium homeostasis. They also
contribute to protein synthesis and the normal growth and development of body
tissues, including maturation of the nervous system, and they increase the
body’s sensitivity to catecholamines. The thyroid hormones triiodothyronine
(T3) and thyroxine (T4) are produced and secreted by the thyroid gland in
response to thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) from the anterior pituitary.
Synthesis of the amino acid–derived T3 and T4 hormones requires iodine.
Insufficient amounts of iodine in the diet can lead to goiter, cretinism, and
many other disorders.

## [ 17.5 The Parathyroid Glands  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/17-5-the-parathyroid-glands)

Calcium is required for a variety of important physiologic processes,
including neuromuscular functioning; thus, blood calcium levels are closely
regulated. The parathyroid glands are small structures located on the
posterior thyroid gland that produce parathyroid hormone (PTH), which
regulates blood calcium levels. Low blood calcium levels cause the production
and secretion of PTH. In contrast, elevated blood calcium levels inhibit
secretion of PTH and trigger secretion of the thyroid hormone calcitonin.
Underproduction of PTH can result in hypoparathyroidism. In contrast,
overproduction of PTH can result in hyperparathyroidism.

## [ 17.6 The Adrenal Glands  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/17-6-the-adrenal-glands)

The adrenal glands, located superior to each kidney, consist of two regions:
the adrenal cortex and adrenal medulla. The adrenal cortex—the outer layer of
the gland—produces mineralocorticoids, glucocorticoids, and androgens. The
adrenal medulla at the core of the gland produces epinephrine and
norepinephrine.

The adrenal glands mediate a short-term stress response and a long-term stress
response. A perceived threat results in the secretion of epinephrine and
norepinephrine from the adrenal medulla, which mediate the fight-or-flight
response. The long-term stress response is mediated by the secretion of CRH
from the hypothalamus, which triggers ACTH, which in turn stimulates the
secretion of corticosteroids from the adrenal cortex. The mineralocorticoids,
chiefly aldosterone, cause sodium and fluid retention, which increases blood
volume and blood pressure.

## [ 17.7 The Pineal Gland  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/17-7-the-pineal-gland)

The pineal gland is an endocrine structure of the diencephalon of the brain,
and is located inferior and posterior to the thalamus. It is made up of
pinealocytes. These cells produce and secrete the hormone melatonin in
response to low light levels. High blood levels of melatonin induce
drowsiness. Jet lag, caused by traveling across several time zones, occurs
because melatonin synthesis takes several days to readjust to the light-dark
patterns in the new environment.

## [ 17.8 Gonadal and Placental Hormones
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/17-8-gonadal-and-
placental-hormones)

The reproductive system is regulated by follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and
luteinizing hormone (LH) produced by the anterior lobe of the pituitary gland
in response to gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) from the hypothalamus.
FSH stimulates sperm maturation, which is inhibited by the hormone inhibin.
The steroid hormone testosterone, a type of androgen, is released in response
to LH and is responsible for the maturation and maintenance of the testicular
reproductive system, as well as the development of secondary sex
characteristics. FSH also promotes egg maturation and LH signals the secretion
of the sex hormones, the estrogens and progesterone. Both of these hormones
are important in the development and maintenance of the ovarian reproductive
system, as well as maintaining pregnancy. The placenta develops during early
pregnancy, and secretes several hormones important for maintaining the
pregnancy.

## [ 17.9 The Endocrine Pancreas  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/17-9-the-endocrine-pancreas)

The pancreas has both exocrine and endocrine functions. The pancreatic islet
cell types include alpha cells, which produce glucagon; beta cells, which
produce insulin; delta cells, which produce somatostatin; and PP cells, which
produce pancreatic polypeptide. Insulin and glucagon are involved in the
regulation of glucose metabolism. Insulin is produced by the beta cells in
response to high blood glucose levels. It enhances glucose uptake and
utilization by target cells, as well as the storage of excess glucose for
later use. Dysfunction of the production of insulin or target cell resistance
to the effects of insulin causes diabetes mellitus, a disorder characterized
by high blood glucose levels. The hormone glucagon is produced and secreted by
the alpha cells of the pancreas in response to low blood glucose levels.
Glucagon stimulates mechanisms that increase blood glucose levels, such as the
catabolism of glycogen into glucose.

## [ 17.10 Organs with Secondary Endocrine Functions
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/17-10-organs-
with-secondary-endocrine-functions)

Some organs have a secondary endocrine function. For example, the walls of the
atria of the heart produce the hormone atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), the
gastrointestinal tract produces the hormones gastrin, secretin, and
cholecystokinin, which aid in digestion, and the kidneys produce
erythropoietin (EPO), which stimulates the formation of red blood cells. Even
bone, adipose tissue, and the skin have secondary endocrine functions.

## [ 17.11 Development and Aging of the Endocrine System
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/17-11-development-and-aging-of-the-endocrine-system)

The endocrine system originates from all three germ layers of the embryo,
including the endoderm, ectoderm, and mesoderm. In general, different hormone
classes arise from distinct germ layers. Aging affects the endocrine glands,
potentially affecting hormone production and secretion, and can cause disease.
The production of hormones, such as human growth hormone, cortisol,
aldosterone, sex hormones, and the thyroid hormones, decreases with age.

