1. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/DanielleReed) to learn about Dr.
Danielle Reed of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia, PA, who
became interested in science at an early age because of her sensory
experiences. She recognized that her sense of taste was unique compared with
other people she knew. Now, she studies the genetic differences between people
and their sensitivities to taste stimuli. In the video, there is a brief image
of a person sticking out their tongue, which has been covered with a colored
dye. This is how Dr. Reed is able to visualize and count papillae on the
surface of the tongue. People fall into two large groups known as “tasters”
and “non-tasters” on the basis of the density of papillae on their tongue,
which also indicates the number of taste buds. Non-tasters can taste food, but
they are not as sensitive to certain tastes, such as bitterness. Dr. Reed
discovered that she is a non-taster, which explains why she perceived
bitterness differently than other people she knew. Are you very sensitive to
tastes? Can you see any similarities among the members of your family?

2. 

[Figure 14.9](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/14-1-sensory-perception#fig-ch14_01_08) The basilar
membrane is the thin membrane that extends from the central core of the
cochlea to the edge. What is anchored to this membrane so that they can be
activated by movement of the fluids within the cochlea?

3. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/ear1) to learn more about how the
structures of the ear convert sound waves into a neural signal by moving the
“hairs,” or stereocilia, of the cochlear duct. Specific locations along the
length of the duct encode specific frequencies, or pitches. The brain
interprets the meaning of the sounds we hear as music, speech, noise, etc.
Which ear structures are responsible for the amplification and transfer of
sound from the external ear to the inner ear?

4. 

Watch this [animation](http://openstax.org/l/ear2) to learn more about the
inner ear and to see the cochlea unroll, with the base at the back of the
image and the apex at the front. Specific wavelengths of sound cause specific
regions of the basilar membrane to vibrate, much like the keys of a piano
produce sound at different frequencies. Based on the animation, where do
frequencies—from high to low pitches—cause activity in the hair cells within
the cochlear duct?

5. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/occipital) to learn more about a
transverse section through the brain that depicts the visual pathway from the
eye to the occipital cortex. The first half of the pathway is the projection
from the RGCs through the optic nerve to the lateral geniculate nucleus in the
thalamus on either side. This first fiber in the pathway synapses on a
thalamic cell that then projects to the visual cortex in the occipital lobe
where “seeing,” or visual perception, takes place. This video gives an
abbreviated overview of the visual system by concentrating on the pathway from
the eyes to the occipital lobe. The video makes the statement (at 0:45) that
“specialized cells in the retina called ganglion cells convert the light rays
into electrical signals.” What aspect of retinal processing is simplified by
that statement? Explain your answer.

6. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/l_3-D1) to learn more about how the
brain perceives 3-D motion. Similar to how retinal disparity offers 3-D
moviegoers a way to extract 3-D information from the two-dimensional visual
field projected onto the retina, the brain can extract information about
movement in space by comparing what the two eyes see. If movement of a visual
stimulus is leftward in one eye and rightward in the opposite eye, the brain
interprets this as movement toward (or away) from the face along the midline.
If both eyes see an object moving in the same direction, but at different
rates, what would that mean for spatial movement?

7. 

The inability to recognize people by their faces is a troublesome problem. It
can be caused by trauma, or it may be inborn. Watch this
[video](http://openstax.org/l/faces) to learn more about a person who lost the
ability to recognize faces as the result of an injury. She cannot recognize
the faces of close family members or herself. What other information can a
person suffering from prosopagnosia use to figure out whom they are seeing?

8. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/motorpathway) to learn more about the
descending motor pathway for the somatic nervous system. The autonomic
connections are mentioned, which are covered in another chapter. From this
brief video, only some of the descending motor pathway of the somatic nervous
system is described. Which division of the pathway is described and which
division is left out?

9. 

Visit this [site](http://openstax.org/l/NYTmotor) to read about an elderly
woman who starts to lose the ability to control fine movements, such as speech
and the movement of limbs. Many of the usual causes were ruled out. It was not
a stroke, Parkinson’s disease, diabetes, or thyroid dysfunction. The next most
obvious cause was medication, so her pharmacist had to be consulted. The side
effect of a drug meant to help her sleep had resulted in changes in motor
control. What regions of the nervous system are likely to be the focus of
haloperidol side effects?

10. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/reflexarc) to learn more about the
reflex arc of the corneal reflex. When the right cornea senses a tactile
stimulus, what happens to the left eye? Explain your answer.

11. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/newreflex) to learn more about
newborn reflexes. Newborns have a set of reflexes that are expected to have
been crucial to survival before the modern age. These reflexes disappear as
the baby grows, as some of them may be unnecessary as they age. The video
demonstrates a reflex called the Babinski reflex, in which the foot flexes
dorsally and the toes splay out when the sole of the foot is lightly
scratched. This is normal for newborns, but it is a sign of reduced
myelination of the spinal tract in adults. Why would this reflex be a problem
for an adult?

