## [ 20.1 Structure and Function of Blood Vessels
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/20-1-structure-
and-function-of-blood-vessels)

Blood pumped by the heart flows through a series of vessels known as arteries,
arterioles, capillaries, venules, and veins before returning to the heart.
Arteries transport blood away from the heart and branch into smaller vessels,
forming arterioles. Arterioles distribute blood to capillary beds, the sites
of exchange with the body tissues. Capillaries lead back to small vessels
known as venules that flow into the larger veins and eventually back to the
heart.

The arterial system is a relatively high-pressure system, so arteries have
thick walls that appear round in cross section. The venous system is a lower-
pressure system, containing veins that have larger lumens and thinner walls.
They often appear flattened. Arteries, arterioles, venules, and veins are
composed of three tunics known as the tunica intima, tunica media, and tunica
externa. Capillaries have only a tunica intima layer. The tunica intima is a
thin layer composed of a simple squamous epithelium known as endothelium and a
small amount of connective tissue. The tunica media is a thicker area composed
of variable amounts of smooth muscle and connective tissue. It is the thickest
layer in all but the largest arteries. The tunica externa is primarily a layer
of connective tissue, although in veins, it also contains some smooth muscle.
Blood flow through vessels can be dramatically influenced by vasoconstriction
and vasodilation in their walls.

## [ 20.2 Blood Flow, Blood Pressure, and Resistance
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/20-2-blood-flow-
blood-pressure-and-resistance)

Blood flow is the movement of blood through a vessel, tissue, or organ. The
slowing or blocking of blood flow is called resistance. Blood pressure is the
force that blood exerts upon the walls of the blood vessels or chambers of the
heart. The components of blood pressure include systolic pressure, which
results from ventricular contraction, and diastolic pressure, which results
from ventricular relaxation. Pulse pressure is the difference between systolic
and diastolic measures, and mean arterial pressure is the “average” pressure
of blood in the arterial system, driving blood into the tissues. Pulse, the
expansion and recoiling of an artery, reflects the heartbeat. The variables
affecting blood flow and blood pressure in the systemic circulation are
cardiac output, compliance, blood volume, blood viscosity, and the length and
diameter of the blood vessels. In the arterial system, vasodilation and
vasoconstriction of the arterioles is a significant factor in systemic blood
pressure: Slight vasodilation greatly decreases resistance and increases flow,
whereas slight vasoconstriction greatly increases resistance and decreases
flow. In the arterial system, as resistance increases, blood pressure
increases and flow decreases. In the venous system, constriction increases
blood pressure as it does in arteries; the increasing pressure helps to return
blood to the heart. In addition, constriction causes the vessel lumen to
become more rounded, decreasing resistance and increasing blood flow.
Venoconstriction, while less important than arterial vasoconstriction, works
with the skeletal muscle pump, the respiratory pump, and their valves to
promote venous return to the heart.

## [ 20.3 Capillary Exchange  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/20-3-capillary-exchange)

Small molecules can cross into and out of capillaries via simple or
facilitated diffusion. Some large molecules can cross in vesicles or through
clefts, fenestrations, or gaps between cells in capillary walls. However, the
bulk flow of capillary and tissue fluid occurs via filtration and
reabsorption. Filtration, the movement of fluid out of the capillaries, is
driven by the CHP. Reabsorption, the influx of tissue fluid into the
capillaries, is driven by the BCOP. Filtration predominates in the arterial
end of the capillary; in the middle section, the opposing pressures are
virtually identical so there is no net exchange, whereas reabsorption
predominates at the venule end of the capillary. The hydrostatic and colloid
osmotic pressures in the interstitial fluid are negligible in healthy
circumstances.

## [ 20.4 Homeostatic Regulation of the Vascular System
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/20-4-homeostatic-
regulation-of-the-vascular-system)

Neural, endocrine, and autoregulatory mechanisms affect blood flow, blood
pressure, and eventually perfusion of blood to body tissues. Neural mechanisms
include the cardiovascular centers in the medulla oblongata, baroreceptors in
the aorta and carotid arteries and right atrium, and associated chemoreceptors
that monitor blood levels of oxygen, carbon dioxide, and hydrogen ions.
Endocrine controls include epinephrine and norepinephrine, as well as ADH, the
renin-angiotensin-aldosterone mechanism, ANH, and EPO. Autoregulation is the
local control of vasodilation and constriction by chemical signals and the
myogenic response. Exercise greatly improves cardiovascular function and
reduces the risk of cardiovascular diseases, including hypertension, a leading
cause of heart attacks and strokes. Significant hemorrhage can lead to a form
of circulatory shock known as hypovolemic shock. Sepsis, obstruction, and
widespread inflammation can also cause circulatory shock.

## [ 20.5 Circulatory Pathways  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/20-5-circulatory-pathways)

The right ventricle pumps oxygen-depleted blood into the pulmonary trunk and
right and left pulmonary arteries, which carry it to the right and left lungs
for gas exchange. Oxygen-rich blood is transported by pulmonary veins to the
left atrium. The left ventricle pumps this blood into the aorta. The main
regions of the aorta are the ascending aorta, aortic arch, and descending
aorta, which is further divided into the thoracic and abdominal aorta. The
coronary arteries branch from the ascending aorta. After oxygenating tissues
in the capillaries, systemic blood is returned to the right atrium from the
venous system via the superior vena cava, which drains most of the veins
superior to the diaphragm, the inferior vena cava, which drains most of the
veins inferior to the diaphragm, and the coronary veins via the coronary
sinus. The hepatic portal system carries blood to the liver for processing
before it enters circulation. Review the figures provided in this section for
circulation of blood through the blood vessels.

## [ 20.6 Development of Blood Vessels and Fetal Circulation
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/20-6-development-
of-blood-vessels-and-fetal-circulation)

Blood vessels begin to form from the embryonic mesoderm. The precursor
hemangioblasts differentiate into angioblasts, which give rise to the blood
vessels and pluripotent stem cells that differentiate into the formed elements
of the blood. Together, these cells form blood islands scattered throughout
the embryo. Extensions known as vascular tubes eventually connect the vascular
network. As the embryo grows within the mother’s womb, the placenta develops
to supply blood rich in oxygen and nutrients via the umbilical vein and to
remove wastes in oxygen-depleted blood via the umbilical arteries. Three major
shunts found in the fetus are the foramen ovale and ductus arteriosus, which
divert blood from the pulmonary to the systemic circuit, and the ductus
venosus, which carries freshly oxygenated blood high in nutrients to the fetal
heart.

