## [ 1.1 Overview of Anatomy and Physiology
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/1-1-overview-of-
anatomy-and-physiology)

Human anatomy is the scientific study of the body’s structures. In the past,
anatomy has primarily been studied via observing injuries, and later by the
dissection of anatomical structures of cadavers, but in the past century,
computer-assisted imaging techniques have allowed clinicians to look inside
the living body. Human physiology is the scientific study of the chemistry and
physics of the structures of the body. Physiology explains how the structures
of the body work together to maintain life. It is difficult to study structure
(anatomy) without knowledge of function (physiology). The two disciplines are
typically studied together because form and function are closely related in
all living things.

## [ 1.2 Structural Organization of the Human Body
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/1-2-structural-
organization-of-the-human-body)

Life processes of the human body are maintained at several levels of
structural organization. These include the chemical, cellular, tissue, organ,
organ system, and the organism level. Higher levels of organization are built
from lower levels. Therefore, molecules combine to form cells, cells combine
to form tissues, tissues combine to form organs, organs combine to form organ
systems, and organ systems combine to form organisms.

## [ 1.3 Functions of Human Life  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/1-3-functions-of-human-life)

Most processes that occur in the human body are not consciously controlled.
They occur continuously to build, maintain, and sustain life. These processes
include: organization, in terms of the maintenance of essential body
boundaries; metabolism, including energy transfer via anabolic and catabolic
reactions; responsiveness; movement; and growth, differentiation,
reproduction, and renewal.

## [ 1.4 Requirements for Human Life  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-
and-physiology-2e/pages/1-4-requirements-for-human-life)

Humans cannot survive for more than a few minutes without oxygen, for more
than several days without water, and for more than several weeks without
carbohydrates, lipids, proteins, vitamins, and minerals. Although the body can
respond to high temperatures by sweating and to low temperatures by shivering
and increased fuel consumption, long-term exposure to extreme heat and cold is
not compatible with survival. The body requires a precise atmospheric pressure
to maintain its gases in solution and to facilitate respiration—the intake of
oxygen and the release of carbon dioxide. Humans also require blood pressure
high enough to ensure that blood reaches all body tissues but low enough to
avoid damage to blood vessels.

## [ 1.5 Homeostasis  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/1-5-homeostasis)

Homeostasis is the activity of cells throughout the body to maintain the
physiological state within a narrow range that is compatible with life.
Homeostasis is regulated by negative feedback loops and, much less frequently,
by positive feedback loops. Both have the same components of a stimulus,
sensor, control center, and effector; however, negative feedback loops work to
prevent an excessive response to the stimulus, whereas positive feedback loops
intensify the response until an end point is reached.

## [ 1.6 Anatomical Terminology  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/1-6-anatomical-terminology)

Ancient Greek and Latin words are used to build anatomical terms. A standard
reference position for mapping the body’s structures is the normal anatomical
position. Regions of the body are identified using terms such as “occipital”
that are more precise than common words and phrases such as “the back of the
head.” Directional terms such as anterior and posterior are essential for
accurately describing the relative locations of body structures. Images of the
body’s interior commonly align along one of three planes: the sagittal,
frontal, or transverse. The body’s organs are organized in one of two main
cavities—dorsal (also referred to posterior) and ventral (also referred to
anterior)—which are further sub-divided according to the structures present in
each area. The serous membranes have two layers—parietal and
visceral—surrounding a fluid filled space. Serous membranes cover the lungs
(pleural serosa), heart (pericardial serosa), and some abdominopelvic organs
(peritoneal serosa).

## [ 1.7 Medical Imaging  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/1-7-medical-imaging)

Detailed anatomical drawings of the human body first became available in the
fifteenth and sixteenth centuries; however, it was not until the end of the
nineteenth century, and the discovery of X-rays, that anatomists and
physicians discovered non-surgical methods to look inside a living body. Since
then, many other techniques, including CT scans, MRI scans, PET scans, and
ultrasonography, have been developed, providing more accurate and detailed
views of the form and function of the human body.

