## [ 25.1 Physical Characteristics of Urine
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/25-1-physical-
characteristics-of-urine)

The kidney glomerulus filters blood mainly based on particle size to produce a
filtrate lacking cells or large proteins. Most of the ions and molecules in
the filtrate are needed by the body and must be reabsorbed farther down the
nephron tubules, resulting in the formation of urine. Urine characteristics
change depending on water intake, exercise, environmental temperature, and
nutrient intake. Urinalysis analyzes characteristics of the urine and is used
to diagnose diseases. A minimum of 400 to 500 mL urine must be produced daily
to rid the body of wastes. Excessive quantities of urine may indicate diabetes
insipidus or diabetes mellitus. The pH range of urine is 4.5 to 8.0, and is
affected by diet. Osmolarity ranges from 50 to 1200 milliosmoles, and is a
reflection of the amount of water being recovered or lost by renal nephrons.

## [ 25.2 Gross Anatomy of Urine Transport
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/25-2-gross-
anatomy-of-urine-transport)

The urethra is the only urinary structure that differs significantly between
males and females. This is due to the dual role of the male urethra in
transporting both urine and semen. The urethra arises from the trigone area at
the base of the bladder. Urination is controlled by an involuntary internal
sphincter of smooth muscle and a voluntary external sphincter of skeletal
muscle. The shorter female urethra contributes to the higher incidence of
bladder infections in females. The male urethra receives secretions from the
prostate gland, Cowper’s gland, and seminal vesicles as well as sperm. The
bladder is largely retroperitoneal and can hold up to 500–600 mL urine.
Micturition is the process of voiding the urine and involves both involuntary
and voluntary actions. Voluntary control of micturition requires a mature and
intact sacral micturition center. It also requires an intact spinal cord. Loss
of control of micturition is called incontinence and results in voiding when
the bladder contains about 250 mL urine. The ureters are retroperitoneal and
lead from the renal pelvis of the kidney to the trigone area at the base of
the bladder. A thick muscular wall consisting of longitudinal and circular
smooth muscle helps move urine toward the bladder by way of peristaltic
contractions.

## [ 25.3 Gross Anatomy of the Kidney  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-
and-physiology-2e/pages/25-3-gross-anatomy-of-the-kidney)

As noted previously, the structure of the kidney is divided into two principle
regions—the peripheral rim of cortex and the central medulla. The two kidneys
receive about 25 percent of cardiac output. They are protected in the
retroperitoneal space by the renal fat pad and overlying ribs and muscle.
Ureters, blood vessels, lymph vessels, and nerves enter and leave at the renal
hilum. The renal arteries arise directly from the aorta, and the renal veins
drain directly into the inferior vena cava. Kidney function is derived from
the actions of about 1.3 million nephrons per kidney; these are the
“functional units.” A capillary bed, the glomerulus, filters blood and the
filtrate is captured by Bowman’s capsule. A portal system is formed when the
blood flows through a second capillary bed surrounding the proximal and distal
convoluted tubules and the loop of Henle. Most water and solutes are recovered
by this second capillary bed. This filtrate is processed and finally gathered
by collecting ducts that drain into the minor calyces, which merge to form
major calyces; the filtrate then proceeds to the renal pelvis and finally the
ureters.

## [ 25.4 Microscopic Anatomy of the Kidney
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/25-4-microscopic-
anatomy-of-the-kidney)

The functional unit of the kidney, the nephron, consists of the renal
corpuscle, PCT, loop of Henle, and DCT. Cortical nephrons have short loops of
Henle, whereas juxtamedullary nephrons have long loops of Henle extending into
the medulla. About 15 percent of nephrons are juxtamedullary. The glomerulus
is a capillary bed that filters blood principally based on particle size. The
filtrate is captured by Bowman’s capsule and directed to the PCT. A filtration
membrane is formed by the fused basement membranes of the podocytes and the
capillary endothelial cells that they embrace. Contractile mesangial cells
further perform a role in regulating the rate at which the blood is filtered.
Specialized cells in the JGA produce paracrine signals to regulate blood flow
and filtration rates of the glomerulus. Other JGA cells produce the enzyme
renin, which plays a central role in blood pressure regulation. The filtrate
enters the PCT where absorption and secretion of several substances occur. The
descending and ascending limbs of the loop of Henle consist of thick and thin
segments. Absorption and secretion continue in the DCT but to a lesser extent
than in the PCT. Each collecting duct collects forming urine from several
nephrons and responds to the posterior pituitary hormone ADH by inserting
aquaporin water channels into the cell membrane to fine tune water recovery.

## [ 25.5 Physiology of Urine Formation  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-
and-physiology-2e/pages/25-5-physiology-of-urine-formation)

The entire volume of the blood is filtered through the kidneys about 300 times
per day, and 99 percent of the water filtered is recovered. The GFR is
influenced by hydrostatic pressure and colloid osmotic pressure. Under normal
circumstances, hydrostatic pressure is significantly greater and filtration
occurs. The hydrostatic pressure of the glomerulus depends on systemic blood
pressure, autoregulatory mechanisms, sympathetic nervous activity, and
paracrine hormones. The kidney can function normally under a wide range of
blood pressures due to the autoregulatory nature of smooth muscle.

## [ 25.6 Tubular Reabsorption  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/25-6-tubular-reabsorption)

The kidney regulates water recovery and blood pressure by producing the enzyme
renin. It is renin that starts a series of reactions, leading to the
production of the vasoconstrictor angiotensin II and the salt-retaining
steroid aldosterone. Water recovery is also powerfully and directly influenced
by the hormone ADH. Even so, it only influences the last 10 percent of water
available for recovery after filtration at the glomerulus, because 90 percent
of water is recovered before reaching the collecting ducts. Depending on the
body’s fluid status at any given time, the collecting ducts can recover none
or almost all of the water reaching them.

Mechanisms of solute recovery include active transport, simple diffusion, and
facilitated diffusion. Most filtered substances are reabsorbed. Urea, NH3,
creatinine, and some drugs are filtered or secreted as wastes. H+ and HCO3–
are secreted or reabsorbed as needed to maintain acid–base balance. Movement
of water from the glomerulus is primarily due to pressure, whereas that of
peritubular capillaries and vasa recta is due to osmolarity and concentration
gradients. The PCT is the most metabolically active part of the nephron and
uses a wide array of protein micromachines to maintain homeostasis—symporters,
antiporters, and ATPase active transporters—in conjunction with diffusion,
both simple and facilitated. Almost 100 percent of glucose, amino acids, and
vitamins are recovered in the PCT. Bicarbonate (HCO3–) is recovered using the
same enzyme, carbonic anhydrase (CA), found in erythrocytes. The recovery of
solutes creates an osmotic gradient to promote the recovery of water. The
descending loop of the juxtaglomerular nephrons reaches an osmolarity of up to
1200 mOsmol/kg, promoting the recovery of water. The ascending loop is
impervious to water but actively recovers Na+, reducing filtrate osmolarity to
50–100 mOsmol/kg. The descending and ascending loop and vasa recta form a
countercurrent multiplier system to increase Na+ concentration in the kidney
medulla. The collecting ducts actively pump urea into the medulla, further
contributing to the high osmotic environment. The vasa recta recover the
solute and water in the medulla, returning them to the circulation. Nearly 90
percent of water is recovered before the forming urine reaches the DCT, which
will recover another 10 percent. Calcium recovery in the DCT is influenced by
PTH and active vitamin D. In the collecting ducts, ADH stimulates aquaporin
channel insertion to increase water recovery and thereby regulate osmolarity
of the blood. Aldosterone stimulates Na+ recovery by the collecting duct.

## [ 25.7 Regulation of Renal Blood Flow
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/25-7-regulation-
of-renal-blood-flow)

The kidneys are innervated by sympathetic nerves of the autonomic nervous
system. Sympathetic nervous activity decreases blood flow to the kidney,
making more blood available to other areas of the body during times of stress.
The arteriolar myogenic mechanism maintains a steady blood flow by causing
arteriolar smooth muscle to contract when blood pressure increases and causing
it to relax when blood pressure decreases. Tubuloglomerular feedback involves
paracrine signaling at the JGA to cause vasoconstriction or vasodilation to
maintain a steady rate of blood flow.

## [ 25.8 Endocrine Regulation of Kidney Function
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/25-8-endocrine-
regulation-of-kidney-function)

Endocrine hormones act from a distance and paracrine hormones act locally. The
renal enzyme renin converts angiotensinogen into angiotensin I. The lung
enzyme, ACE, converts angiotensin I into active angiotensin II. Angiotensin II
is an active vasoconstrictor that increases blood pressure. Angiotensin II
also stimulates aldosterone release from the adrenal cortex, causing the
collecting duct to retain Na+, which promotes water retention and a longer-
term rise in blood pressure. ADH promotes water recovery by the collecting
ducts by stimulating the insertion of aquaporin water channels into cell
membranes. Endothelins are elevated in cases of diabetic kidney disease,
increasing Na+ retention and decreasing GFR. Natriuretic hormones, released
primarily from the atria of the heart in response to stretching of the atrial
walls, stimulate Na+ excretion and thereby decrease blood pressure. PTH
stimulates the final step in the formation of active vitamin D3 and reduces
phosphate reabsorption, resulting in higher circulating Ca++ levels.

## [ 25.9 Regulation of Fluid Volume and Composition
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/25-9-regulation-
of-fluid-volume-and-composition)

The major hormones regulating body fluids are ADH, aldosterone and ANH.
Progesterone is similar in structure to aldosterone and can bind to and weakly
stimulate aldosterone receptors, providing a similar but diminished response.
Blood pressure is a reflection of blood volume and is monitored by
baroreceptors in the aortic arch and carotid sinuses. When blood pressure
increases, more action potentials are sent to the central nervous system,
resulting in greater vasodilation, greater GFR, and more water lost in the
urine. ANH is released by the cardiomyocytes when blood pressure increases,
causing Na+ and water loss. ADH at high levels causes vasoconstriction in
addition to its action on the collecting ducts to recover more water.
Diuretics increase urine volume. Mechanisms for controlling Na+ concentration
in the blood include the renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system and ADH. When
Na+ is retained, K+ is excreted; when Na+ is lost, K+ is retained. When
circulating Ca++ decreases, PTH stimulates the reabsorption of Ca++ and
inhibits reabsorption of HPO2−4HPO42−HPO42−. pH is regulated through buffers,
expiration of CO2, and excretion of acid or base by the kidneys. The breakdown
of amino acids produces ammonia. Most ammonia is converted into less-toxic
urea in the liver and excreted in the urine. Regulation of drugs is by
glomerular filtration, tubular secretion, and tubular reabsorption.

## [ 25.10 The Urinary System and Homeostasis
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/25-10-the-
urinary-system-and-homeostasis)

The effects of failure of parts of the urinary system may range from
inconvenient (incontinence) to fatal (loss of filtration and many others). The
kidneys catalyze the final reaction in the synthesis of active vitamin D that
in turn helps regulate Ca++. The kidney hormone EPO stimulates erythrocyte
development and promotes adequate O2 transport. The kidneys help regulate
blood pressure through Na+ and water retention and loss. The kidneys work with
the adrenal cortex, lungs, and liver in the renin–angiotensin–aldosterone
system to regulate blood pressure. They regulate osmolarity of the blood by
regulating both solutes and water. Three electrolytes are more closely
regulated than others: Na+, Ca++, and K+. The kidneys share pH regulation with
the lungs and plasma buffers, so that proteins can preserve their three-
dimensional conformation and thus their function.

