![In this image, a fluorescently stained cell is shown undergoing mitosis. The
cell membrane is stained red and the green stains show the mitotic spindles
inside the cell. The chromosomes are shown in
blue.](data:image/jpeg;base64,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)

Figure  3.1 Fluorescence-stained Cell Undergoing Mitosis A lung cell from a
newt, commonly studied for its similarity to human lung cells, is stained with
fluorescent dyes. The green stain reveals mitotic spindles, red is the cell
membrane and part of the cytoplasm, and the structures that appear light blue
are chromosomes. This cell is in anaphase of mitosis. (credit:
“Mortadelo2005”/Wikimedia Commons)

##  Chapter Objectives

After studying this chapter, you will be able to:

  * Describe the structure and function of the cell membrane, including its regulation of materials into and out of the cell
  * Describe the functions of the various cytoplasmic organelles
  * Explain the structure and contents of the nucleus, as well as the process of DNA replication
  * Explain the process by which a cell builds proteins using the DNA code
  * List the stages of the cell cycle in order, including the steps of cell division in somatic cells
  * Discuss how a cell differentiates and becomes more specialized
  * List the morphological and physiological characteristics of some representative cell types in the human body

You developed from a single fertilized egg cell into the complex organism
containing trillions of cells that you see when you look in a mirror. During
this developmental process, early, undifferentiated cells differentiate and
become specialized in their structure and function. These different cell types
form specialized tissues that work in concert to perform all of the functions
necessary for the living organism. Cellular and developmental biologists study
how the continued division of a single cell leads to such complexity and
differentiation.

Consider the difference between a structural cell in the skin and a nerve
cell. A structural skin cell may be shaped like a flat plate (squamous) and
live only for a short time before it is shed and replaced. Packed tightly into
rows and sheets, the squamous skin cells provide a protective barrier for the
cells and tissues that lie beneath. A nerve cell, on the other hand, may be
shaped something like a star, sending out long processes up to a meter in
length and may live for the entire lifetime of the organism. With their long
winding appendages, nerve cells can communicate with one another and with
other types of body cells and send rapid signals that inform the organism
about its environment and allow it to interact with that environment. These
differences illustrate one very important theme that is consistent at all
organizational levels of biology: the form of a structure is optimally suited
to perform particular functions assigned to that structure. Keep this theme in
mind as you tour the inside of a cell and are introduced to the various types
of cells in the body.

A primary responsibility of each cell is to contribute to homeostasis.
Homeostasis is a term used in biology that refers to a dynamic state of
balance within parameters that are compatible with life. For example, living
cells require a water-based environment to survive in, and there are various
physical (anatomical) and physiological mechanisms that keep all of the
trillions of living cells in the human body moist. This is one aspect of
homeostasis. When a particular parameter, such as blood pressure or blood
oxygen content, moves far enough _out_ of homeostasis (generally becoming too
high or too low), illness or disease—and sometimes death—inevitably results.

The concept of a cell started with microscopic observations of dead cork
tissue by scientist Robert Hooke in 1665. Without realizing their function or
importance, Hook coined the term “cell” based on the resemblance of the small
subdivisions in the cork to the rooms that monks inhabited, called cells.
About ten years later, Antonie van Leeuwenhoek became the first person to
observe living and moving cells under a microscope. In the century that
followed, the theory that cells represented the basic unit of life would
develop. These tiny fluid-filled sacs house components responsible for the
thousands of biochemical reactions necessary for an organism to grow and
survive. In this chapter, you will learn about the major components and
functions of a prototypical, generalized cell and discover some of the
different types of cells in the human body.

