## [ 11.1 Interactions of Skeletal Muscles, Their Fascicle Arrangement, and
Their Lever Systems  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/11-1-interactions-of-skeletal-muscles-their-fascicle-
arrangement-and-their-lever-systems)

Skeletal muscles each have an origin and an insertion. The end of the muscle
that attaches to the bone being pulled is called the muscle’s insertion and
the end of the muscle attached to a fixed, or stabilized, bone is called the
origin. The muscle primarily responsible for a movement is called the prime
mover, and muscles that assist in this action are called synergists. A
synergist that makes the insertion site more stable is called a fixator.
Meanwhile, a muscle with the opposite action of the prime mover is called an
antagonist. Several factors contribute to the force generated by a skeletal
muscle. One is the arrangement of the fascicles in the skeletal muscle.
Fascicles can be parallel, circular, convergent, pennate, fusiform, or
triangular. Each arrangement has its own range of motion and ability to do
work.

## [ 11.2 Naming Skeletal Muscles  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/11-2-naming-skeletal-muscles)

Muscle names are based on many characteristics. The location of a muscle in
the body is important. Some muscles are named based on their size and
location, such as the gluteal muscles of the buttocks. Other muscle names can
indicate the location in the body or bones with which the muscle is
associated, such as the tibialis anterior. The shapes of some muscles are
distinctive; for example, the direction of the muscle fibers is used to
describe muscles of the body midline. The origin and/or insertion can also be
features used to name a muscle; examples are the biceps brachii, triceps
brachii, and the pectoralis major.

## [ 11.3 Axial Muscles of the Head, Neck, and Back
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/11-3-axial-
muscles-of-the-head-neck-and-back)

Muscles are either axial muscles or appendicular. The axial muscles are
grouped based on location, function, or both. Some axial muscles cross over to
the appendicular skeleton. The muscles of the head and neck are all axial. The
muscles in the face create facial expression by inserting into the skin rather
than onto bone. Muscles that move the eyeballs are extrinsic, meaning they
originate outside of the eye and insert onto it. Tongue muscles are both
extrinsic and intrinsic. The genioglossus depresses the tongue and moves it
anteriorly; the styloglossus lifts the tongue and retracts it; the
palatoglossus elevates the back of the tongue; and the hyoglossus depresses
and flattens it. The muscles of the anterior neck facilitate swallowing and
speech, stabilize the hyoid bone and position the larynx. The muscles of the
neck stabilize and move the head. The sternocleidomastoid divides the neck
into anterior and posterior triangles.

The muscles of the back and neck that move the vertebral column are complex,
overlapping, and can be divided into five groups. The splenius group includes
the splenius capitis and the splenius cervicis. The erector spinae has three
subgroups. The iliocostalis group includes the iliocostalis cervicis, the
iliocostalis thoracis, and the iliocostalis lumborum. The longissimus group
includes the longissimus capitis, the longissimus cervicis, and the
longissimus thoracis. The spinalis group includes the spinalis capitis, the
spinalis cervicis, and the spinalis thoracis. The transversospinales include
the semispinalis capitis, semispinalis cervicis, semispinalis thoracis,
multifidus, and rotatores. The segmental muscles include the interspinales and
intertransversarii. Finally, the scalenes include the anterior scalene, middle
scalene, and posterior scalene.

## [ 11.4 Axial Muscles of the Abdominal Wall, and Thorax
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/11-4-axial-
muscles-of-the-abdominal-wall-and-thorax)

Made of skin, fascia, and four pairs of muscle, the anterior abdominal wall
protects the organs located in the abdomen and moves the vertebral column.
These muscles include the rectus abdominis, which extends through the entire
length of the trunk, the external oblique, the internal oblique, and the
transversus abdominis. The quadratus lumborum forms the posterior abdominal
wall.

The muscles of the thorax play a large role in breathing, especially the dome-
shaped diaphragm. When it contracts and flattens, the volume inside the
pleural cavities increases, which decreases the pressure within them. As a
result, air will flow into the lungs. The external and internal intercostal
muscles span the space between the ribs and help change the shape of the rib
cage and the volume-pressure ratio inside the pleural cavities during
inspiration and expiration.

The perineum muscles play roles in urination in both sexes, ejaculation in
males, and vaginal contraction in females. The pelvic floor muscles support
the pelvic organs, resist intra-abdominal pressure, and work as sphincters for
the urethra, rectum, and vagina.

## [ 11.5 Muscles of the Pectoral Girdle and Upper Limbs
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/11-5-muscles-of-
the-pectoral-girdle-and-upper-limbs)

The clavicle and scapula make up the pectoral girdle, which provides a stable
origin for the muscles that move the humerus. The muscles that position and
stabilize the pectoral girdle are located on the thorax. The anterior thoracic
muscles are the subclavius, pectoralis minor, and the serratus anterior. The
posterior thoracic muscles are the trapezius, levator scapulae, rhomboid
major, and rhomboid minor. Nine muscles cross the shoulder joint to move the
humerus. The ones that originate on the axial skeleton are the pectoralis
major and the latissimus dorsi. The deltoid, subscapularis, supraspinatus,
infraspinatus, teres major, teres minor, and coracobrachialis originate on the
scapula.

The forearm flexors include the biceps brachii, brachialis, and
brachioradialis. The extensors are the triceps brachii and anconeus. The
pronators are the pronator teres and the pronator quadratus. The supinator is
the only one that turns the forearm anteriorly.

The extrinsic muscles of the hands originate along the forearm and insert into
the hand in order to facilitate crude movements of the wrists, hands, and
fingers. The superficial anterior compartment of the forearm produces flexion.
These muscles are the flexor carpi radialis, palmaris longus, flexor carpi
ulnaris, and the flexor digitorum superficialis. The deep anterior compartment
produces flexion as well. These are the flexor pollicis longus and the flexor
digitorum profundus. The rest of the compartments produce extension. The
extensor carpi radialis longus, extensor carpi radialis brevis, extensor
digitorum, extensor digiti minimi, and extensor carpi ulnaris are the muscles
found in the superficial posterior compartment. The deep posterior compartment
includes the abductor longus, extensor pollicis brevis, extensor pollicis
longus, and the extensor indicis.

Finally, the intrinsic muscles of the hands allow our fingers to make precise
movements, such as typing and writing. They both originate and insert within
the hand. The thenar muscles, which are located on the lateral part of the
palm, are the abductor pollicis brevis, opponens pollicis, flexor pollicis
brevis, and adductor pollicis. The hypothenar muscles, which are located on
the medial part of the palm, are the abductor digiti minimi, flexor digiti
minimi brevis, and opponens digiti minimi. The intermediate muscles, located
in the middle of the palm, are the lumbricals, palmar interossei, and dorsal
interossei.

## [ 11.6 Appendicular Muscles of the Pelvic Girdle and Lower Limbs
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/11-6-appendicular-muscles-of-the-pelvic-girdle-and-lower-
limbs)

The pelvic girdle attaches the legs to the axial skeleton. The hip joint is
where the pelvic girdle and the leg come together. The hip is joined to the
pelvic girdle by many muscles. In the gluteal region, the psoas major and
iliacus form the iliopsoas. The large and strong gluteus maximus, gluteus
medius, and gluteus minimus extend and abduct the femur. Along with the
gluteus maximus, the tensor fascia lata muscle forms the iliotibial tract. The
lateral rotators of the femur at the hip are the piriformis, obturator
internus, obturator externus, superior gemellus, inferior gemellus, and
quadratus femoris. On the medial part of the thigh, the adductor longus,
adductor brevis, and adductor magnus adduct the thigh and medially rotate it.
The pectineus muscle adducts and flexes the femur at the hip.

The thigh muscles that move the femur, tibia, and fibula are divided into
medial, anterior, and posterior compartments. The medial compartment includes
the adductors, pectineus, and the gracilis. The anterior compartment comprises
the quadriceps femoris, quadriceps tendon, patellar ligament, and the
sartorius. The quadriceps femoris is made of four muscles: the rectus femoris,
the vastus lateralis, the vastus medius, and the vastus intermedius, which
together extend the knee. The posterior compartment of the thigh includes the
hamstrings: the biceps femoris, semitendinosus, and the semimembranosus, which
all flex the knee.

The muscles of the leg that move the foot and toes are divided into anterior,
lateral, superficial- and deep-posterior compartments. The anterior
compartment includes the tibialis anterior, the extensor hallucis longus, the
extensor digitorum longus, and the fibularis (peroneus) tertius. The lateral
compartment houses the fibularis (peroneus) longus and the fibularis
(peroneus) brevis. The superficial posterior compartment has the
gastrocnemius, soleus, and plantaris; and the deep posterior compartment has
the popliteus, tibialis posterior, flexor digitorum longus, and flexor
hallucis longus.

