31. 

Darcy and Raul are having difficulty conceiving a child. Darcy ovulates every
28 days, and Raul’s sperm count is normal. If we could observe Raul’s sperm
about an hour after ejaculation, however, we’d see that they appear to be
moving only sluggishly. When Raul’s sperm eventually encounter Darcy’s oocyte,
they appear to be incapable of generating an adequate acrosomal reaction.
Which process has probably gone wrong?

32. 

On Saturday night, a female has unprotected sex with a male. On Tuesday
morning, she experiences the twinge of mid-cycle pain that she typically feels
when she is ovulating. This makes her extremely anxious that she might soon
learn she is pregnant. Is the concern valid? Why or why not?

33. 

Approximately 3 weeks after her last menstrual period, a sexually active woman
experiences a brief episode of abdominopelvic cramping and minor bleeding.
What might be the explanation?

34. 

The Food and Nutrition Board of the Institute of Medicine recommends that all
people who might become pregnant consume at least 400 µg/day of folate from
supplements or fortified foods. Why?

35. 

What is the physiological benefit of incorporating shunts into the fetal
circulatory system?

36. 

Why would a premature infant require supplemental oxygen?

37. 

Devin is 35 weeks pregnant with their first child when they begin experiencing
diffuse, mild contractions for several hours. Examination reveals, however,
that the plug of mucus blocking their cervix is intact and the cervix has not
yet begun to dilate. Devin is advised to return home. Why?

38. 

Janine is 41 weeks pregnant with her first child when she arrives at the
birthing unit reporting that she believes she has been in labor “for days” but
that “it’s just not going anywhere.” During the clinical exam, she experiences
a few mild contractions, each lasting about 15–20 seconds; however, her cervix
is found to be only 2 cm dilated, and the amniotic sac is intact. Janine is
admitted to the birthing unit and an IV infusion of pitocin is started. Why?

39. 

Describe how the newborn’s first breath alters the circulatory pattern.

40. 

Newborns are at much higher risk for dehydration than adults. Why?

41. 

Describe the transit of breast milk from lactocytes to nipple pores.

42. 

A person who stopped breastfeeding suddenly is experiencing breast engorgement
and leakage, just like they did in the first few weeks of breastfeeding. Why?

43. 

Explain why it was essential that Mendel perform his crosses using a large
sample size?

44. 

How can a female carrier of an X-linked recessive disorder have a female child
who is affected?

