## [ 5.1 Layers of the Skin  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/5-1-layers-of-the-skin)

The skin is composed of two major layers: a superficial epidermis and a deeper
dermis. The epidermis consists of several layers beginning with the innermost
(deepest) stratum basale (germinatum), followed by the stratum spinosum,
stratum granulosum, stratum lucidum (when present), and ending with the
outermost layer, the stratum corneum. The topmost layer, the stratum corneum,
consists of dead cells that shed periodically and is progressively replaced by
cells formed from the basal layer. The stratum basale also contains
melanocytes, cells that produce melanin, the pigment primarily responsible for
giving skin its color. Melanin is transferred to keratinocytes in the stratum
spinosum to protect cells from UV rays.

The dermis connects the epidermis to the hypodermis, and provides strength and
elasticity due to the presence of collagen and elastin fibers. It has only two
layers: the papillary layer with papillae that extend into the epidermis and
the lower, reticular layer composed of loose connective tissue. The
hypodermis, deep to the dermis of skin, is the connective tissue that connects
the dermis to underlying structures; it also harbors adipose tissue for fat
storage and protection.

## [ 5.2 Accessory Structures of the Skin
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/5-2-accessory-
structures-of-the-skin)

Accessory structures of the skin include hair, nails, sweat glands, and
sebaceous glands. Hair is made of dead keratinized cells, and gets its color
from melanin pigments. Nails, also made of dead keratinized cells, protect the
extremities of our fingers and toes from mechanical damage. Sweat glands and
sebaceous glands produce sweat and sebum, respectively. Each of these fluids
has a role to play in maintaining homeostasis. Sweat cools the body surface
when it gets overheated and helps excrete small amounts of metabolic waste.
Sebum acts as a natural moisturizer and keeps the dead, flaky, outer keratin
layer healthy.

## [ 5.3 Functions of the Integumentary System
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/5-3-functions-of-
the-integumentary-system)

The skin plays important roles in protection, sensing stimuli,
thermoregulation, and vitamin D synthesis. It is the first layer of defense to
prevent dehydration, infection, and injury to the rest of the body. Sweat
glands in the skin allow the skin surface to cool when the body gets
overheated. Thermoregulation is also accomplished by the dilation or
constriction of heat-carrying blood vessels in the skin. Immune cells present
among the skin layers patrol the areas to keep them free of foreign materials.
Fat stores in the hypodermis aid in both thermoregulation and protection.
Finally, the skin plays a role in the synthesis of vitamin D, which is
necessary for our well-being but not easily available in natural foods.

## [ 5.4 Diseases, Disorders, and Injuries of the Integumentary System
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/5-4-diseases-
disorders-and-injuries-of-the-integumentary-system)

Skin cancer is a result of damage to the DNA of skin cells, often due to
excessive exposure to UV radiation. Basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell
carcinoma are highly curable, and arise from cells in the stratum basale and
stratum spinosum, respectively. Melanoma is the most dangerous form of skin
cancer, affecting melanocytes, which can spread/metastasize to other organs.
Burns are an injury to the skin that occur as a result of exposure to extreme
heat, radiation, or chemicals. First-degree and second-degree burns usually
heal quickly, but third-degree burns can be fatal because they penetrate the
full thickness of the skin. Scars occur when there is repair of skin damage.
Fibroblasts generate scar tissue in the form of collagen, which forms a
basket-weave pattern that looks different from normal skin.

Bedsores and stretch marks are the result of excessive pressure on the skin
and underlying tissue. Bedsores are characterized by necrosis of tissue due to
immobility, whereas stretch marks result from rapid growth. Eczema is an
allergic reaction that manifests as a rash, and acne results from clogged
sebaceous glands. Eczema and acne are usually long-term skin conditions that
may be treated successfully in mild cases. Calluses and corns are the result
of abrasive pressure on the skin.

