1. 

In 2003, the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded to Paul C.
Lauterbur and Sir Peter Mansfield for discoveries related to magnetic
resonance imaging (MRI). This is a tool to see the structures of the body (not
just the nervous system) that depends on magnetic fields associated with
certain atomic nuclei. The utility of this technique in the nervous system is
that fat tissue and water appear as different shades between black and white.
Because white matter is fatty (from myelin) and gray matter is not, they can
be easily distinguished in MRI images. Visit the Nobel Prize
[website](http://openstax.org/l/nobel_2) to play an interactive game that
demonstrates the use of this technology and compares it with other types of
imaging technologies. Also, the results from an MRI session are compared with
images obtained from x-ray or computed tomography. How do the imaging
techniques shown in this game indicate the separation of white and gray matter
compared with the freshly dissected tissue shown earlier?

2. 

Visit this [site](http://openstax.org/l/troublewstairs) to read about a woman
that notices that her daughter is having trouble walking up the stairs. This
leads to the discovery of a hereditary condition that affects the brain and
spinal cord. The electromyography and MRI tests indicated deficiencies in the
spinal cord and cerebellum, both of which are responsible for controlling
coordinated movements. To what functional division of the nervous system would
these structures belong?

3. 

The neurons are dynamic cells with the ability to make a vast number of
connections and to respond incredibly quickly to stimuli and to initiate
movements based on those stimuli. They are the focus of intense research as
failures in physiology can lead to devastating illnesses. Why are neurons only
found in animals? Why wouldn’t they be helpful for plants or microorganisms?

4. 

View the University of Michigan [Webscope](http://openstax.org/l/nervefiber)
to see an electron micrograph of a cross-section of a myelinated nerve fiber.
The axon contains microtubules and neurofilaments, bounded by a plasma
membrane known as the axolemma. Outside the plasma membrane of the axon is the
myelin sheath, which is composed of the tightly wrapped plasma membrane of a
Schwann cell. What aspects of the cells in this image react with the stain
that makes them the deep, dark, black color, such as the multiple layers that
are the myelin sheath?

5. 

What happens across the membrane of an electrically active cell is a dynamic
process that is hard to visualize with static images or through text
descriptions. View this [animation](http://openstax.org/l/dynamic1) to really
understand the process. What is the difference between the driving force for
Na+ and K+? And what is similar about the movement of these two ions?

6. 

Visit this [site](http://openstax.org/l/neurolab) to see a virtual
neurophysiology lab, and to observe electrophysiological processes in the
nervous system, where scientists directly measure the electrical signals
produced by neurons. Often, the action potentials occur so rapidly that
watching a screen to see them occur is not helpful. A speaker is powered by
the signals recorded from a neuron and it “pops” each time the neuron fires an
action potential. These action potentials are firing so fast that it sounds
like static on the radio. Electrophysiologists can recognize the patterns
within that static to understand what is happening. Why is the leech model
used for measuring the electrical activity of neurons instead of using humans?

7. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/summation) to learn about summation.
The process of converting electrical signals to chemical signals and back
requires subtle changes that can result in transient increases or decreases in
membrane voltage. To cause a lasting change in the target cell, multiple
signals are usually added together, or summated. Does spatial summation have
to happen all at once, or can the separate signals arrive on the postsynaptic
neuron at slightly different times? Explain your answer.

8. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/neurotrans) to learn about the
release of a neurotransmitter. The action potential reaches the end of the
axon, called the axon terminal, and a chemical signal is released to tell the
target cell to do something, either initiate a new action potential, or to
suppress that activity. In a very short space, the electrical signal of the
action potential is changed into the chemical signal of a neurotransmitter,
and then back to electrical changes in the target cell membrane. What is the
importance of voltage-gated calcium channels in the release of
neurotransmitters?

