## [ 2.1 Elements and Atoms: The Building Blocks of Matter
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/2-1-elements-and-
atoms-the-building-blocks-of-matter)

The human body is composed of elements, the most abundant of which are oxygen
(O), carbon (C), hydrogen (H) and nitrogen (N). You obtain these elements from
the foods you eat and the air you breathe. The smallest unit of an element
that retains all of the properties of that element is an atom. But, atoms
themselves contain many subatomic particles, the three most important of which
are protons, neutrons, and electrons. These particles do not vary in quality
from one element to another; rather, what gives an element its distinctive
identification is the quantity of its protons, called its atomic number.
Protons and neutrons contribute nearly all of an atom’s mass; the number of
protons and neutrons is an element’s mass number. Heavier and lighter versions
of the same element can occur in nature because these versions have different
numbers of neutrons. Different versions of an element are called isotopes.

The tendency of an atom to be stable or to react readily with other atoms is
largely due to the behavior of the electrons within the atom’s outermost
electron shell, called its valence shell. Helium, as well as larger atoms with
eight electrons in their valence shell, is unlikely to participate in chemical
reactions because they are stable. All other atoms tend to accept, donate, or
share electrons in a process that brings the electrons in their valence shell
to eight (or in the case of hydrogen, to two).

## [ 2.2 Chemical Bonds  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/2-2-chemical-bonds)

Each moment of life, atoms of oxygen, carbon, hydrogen, and the other elements
of the human body are making and breaking chemical bonds. Ions are charged
atoms that form when an atom donates or accepts one or more negatively charged
electrons. Cations (ions with a positive charge) are attracted to anions (ions
with a negative charge). This attraction is called an ionic bond. In covalent
bonds, the participating atoms do not lose or gain electrons, but rather share
them. Molecules with nonpolar covalent bonds are electrically balanced, and
have a linear three-dimensional shape. Molecules with polar covalent bonds
have “poles”—regions of weakly positive and negative charge—and have a
triangular three-dimensional shape. An atom of oxygen and two atoms of
hydrogen form water molecules by means of polar covalent bonds. Hydrogen bonds
link hydrogen atoms already participating in polar covalent bonds to anions or
electronegative regions of other polar molecules. Hydrogen bonds link water
molecules, resulting in the properties of water that are important to living
things.

## [ 2.3 Chemical Reactions  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/2-3-chemical-reactions)

Chemical reactions, in which chemical bonds are broken and formed, require an
initial investment of energy. Kinetic energy, the energy of matter in motion,
fuels the collisions of atoms, ions, and molecules that are necessary if their
old bonds are to break and new ones to form. All molecules store potential
energy, which is released when their bonds are broken.

Four forms of energy essential to human functioning are: chemical energy,
which is stored and released as chemical bonds are formed and broken;
mechanical energy, which directly powers physical activity; radiant energy,
emitted as waves such as in sunlight; and electrical energy, the power of
moving electrons.

Chemical reactions begin with reactants and end with products. Synthesis
reactions bond reactants together, a process that requires energy, whereas
decomposition reactions break the bonds within a reactant and thereby release
energy. In exchange reactions, bonds are both broken and formed, and energy is
exchanged.

The rate at which chemical reactions occur is influenced by several properties
of the reactants: temperature, concentration and pressure, and the presence or
absence of a catalyst. An enzyme is a catalytic protein that speeds up
chemical reactions in the human body.

## [ 2.4 Inorganic Compounds Essential to Human Functioning
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/2-4-inorganic-
compounds-essential-to-human-functioning)

Inorganic compounds essential to human functioning include water, salts,
acids, and bases. These compounds are inorganic; that is, they do not contain
both hydrogen and carbon. Water is a lubricant and cushion, a heat sink, a
component of liquid mixtures, a byproduct of dehydration synthesis reactions,
and a reactant in hydrolysis reactions. Salts are compounds that, when
dissolved in water, dissociate into ions other than H+ or OH–. In contrast,
acids release H+ in solution, making it more acidic. Bases accept H+, thereby
making the solution more alkaline (caustic).

The pH of any solution is its relative concentration of H+. A solution with pH
7 is neutral. Solutions with pH below 7 are acids, and solutions with pH above
7 are bases. A change in a single digit on the pH scale (e.g., from 7 to 8)
represents a ten-fold increase or decrease in the concentration of H+. In a
healthy adult, the pH of blood ranges from 7.35 to 7.45. Homeostatic control
mechanisms important for keeping blood in a healthy pH range include chemicals
called buffers, weak acids and weak bases released when the pH of blood or
other body fluids fluctuates in either direction outside of this normal range.

## [ 2.5 Organic Compounds Essential to Human Functioning
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/2-5-organic-
compounds-essential-to-human-functioning)

Organic compounds essential to human functioning include carbohydrates,
lipids, proteins, and nucleotides. These compounds are said to be organic
because they contain both carbon and hydrogen. Carbon atoms in organic
compounds readily share electrons with hydrogen and other atoms, usually
oxygen, and sometimes nitrogen. Carbon atoms also may bond with one or more
functional groups such as carboxyls, hydroxyls, aminos, or phosphates.
Monomers are single units of organic compounds. They bond by dehydration
synthesis to form polymers, which can in turn be broken by hydrolysis.

Carbohydrate compounds provide essential body fuel. Their structural forms
include monosaccharides such as glucose, disaccharides such as lactose, and
polysaccharides, including starches (polymers of glucose), glycogen (the
storage form of glucose), and fiber. All body cells can use glucose for fuel.
It is converted via an oxidation-reduction reaction to ATP.

Lipids are hydrophobic compounds that provide body fuel and are important
components of many biological compounds. Triglycerides are the most abundant
lipid in the body, and are composed of a glycerol backbone attached to three
fatty acid chains. Phospholipids are compounds composed of a diglyceride with
a phosphate group attached at the molecule’s head. The result is a molecule
with polar and nonpolar regions. Steroids are lipids formed of four
hydrocarbon rings. The most important is cholesterol. Prostaglandins are
signaling molecules derived from unsaturated fatty acids.

Proteins are critical components of all body tissues. They are made up of
monomers called amino acids, which contain nitrogen, joined by peptide bonds.
Protein shape is critical to its function. Most body proteins are globular. An
example is enzymes, which catalyze chemical reactions.

Nucleotides are compounds with three building blocks: one or more phosphate
groups, a pentose sugar, and a nitrogen-containing base. DNA and RNA are
nucleic acids that function in protein synthesis. ATP is the body’s
fundamental molecule of energy transfer. Removal or addition of phosphates
releases or invests energy.

