## [ 9.1 Classification of Joints  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/9-1-classification-of-joints)

Structural classifications of the body joints are based on how the bones are
held together and articulate with each other. At fibrous joints, the adjacent
bones are directly united to each other by fibrous connective tissue.
Similarly, at a cartilaginous joint, the adjacent bones are united by
cartilage. In contrast, at a synovial joint, the articulating bone surfaces
are not directly united to each other, but come together within a fluid-filled
joint cavity.

The functional classification of body joints is based on the degree of
movement found at each joint. A synarthrosis is a joint that is essentially
immobile. This type of joint provides for a strong connection between the
adjacent bones, which serves to protect internal structures such as the brain
or heart. Examples include the fibrous joints of the skull sutures and the
cartilaginous manubriosternal joint. A joint that allows for limited movement
is an amphiarthrosis. An example is the pubic symphysis of the pelvis, the
cartilaginous joint that strongly unites the right and left hip bones of the
pelvis. The cartilaginous joints in which vertebrae are united by
intervertebral discs provide for small movements between the adjacent
vertebrae and are also an amphiarthrosis type of joint. Thus, based on their
movement ability, both fibrous and cartilaginous joints are functionally
classified as a synarthrosis or amphiarthrosis.

The most common type of joint is the diarthrosis, which is a freely moveable
joint. All synovial joints are functionally classified as diarthroses. A
uniaxial diarthrosis, such as the elbow, is a joint that only allows for
movement within a single anatomical plane. Joints that allow for movements in
two planes are biaxial joints, such as the metacarpophalangeal joints of the
fingers. A multiaxial joint, such as the shoulder or hip joint, allows for
three planes of motions.

## [ 9.2 Fibrous Joints  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/9-2-fibrous-joints)

Fibrous joints are where adjacent bones are strongly united by fibrous
connective tissue. The gap filled by connective tissue may be narrow or wide.
The three types of fibrous joints are sutures, gomphoses, and syndesmoses. A
suture is the narrow fibrous joint that unites most bones of the skull. At a
gomphosis, the root of a tooth is anchored across a narrow gap by periodontal
ligaments to the walls of its socket in the bony jaw. A syndesmosis is the
type of fibrous joint found between parallel bones. The gap between the bones
may be wide and filled with a fibrous interosseous membrane, or it may narrow
with ligaments spanning between the bones. Syndesmoses are found between the
bones of the forearm (radius and ulna) and the leg (tibia and fibula). Fibrous
joints strongly unite adjacent bones and thus serve to provide protection for
internal organs, strength to body regions, or weight-bearing stability.

## [ 9.3 Cartilaginous Joints  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/9-3-cartilaginous-joints)

There are two types of cartilaginous joints. A synchondrosis is formed when
the adjacent bones are united by hyaline cartilage. A temporary synchondrosis
is formed by the epiphyseal plate of a growing long bone, which is lost when
the epiphyseal plate ossifies as the bone reaches maturity. The synchondrosis
is thus replaced by a synostosis. Permanent synchondroses that do not ossify
are found at the first sternocostal joint and between the anterior ends of the
bony ribs and the junction with their costal cartilage. A symphysis is where
the bones are joined by fibrocartilage and the gap between the bones may be
narrow or wide. A narrow symphysis is found at the manubriosternal joint and
at the pubic symphysis. A wide symphysis is the intervertebral symphysis in
which the bodies of adjacent vertebrae are united by an intervertebral disc.

## [ 9.4 Synovial Joints  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/9-4-synovial-joints)

Synovial joints are the most common type of joints in the body. They are
characterized by the presence of a joint cavity, inside of which the bones of
the joint articulate with each other. The articulating surfaces of the bones
at a synovial joint are not directly connected to each other by connective
tissue or cartilage, which allows the bones to move freely against each other.
The walls of the joint cavity are formed by the articular capsule. Friction
between the bones is reduced by a thin layer of articular cartilage covering
the surfaces of the bones, and by a lubricating synovial fluid, which is
secreted by the synovial membrane.

Synovial joints are strengthened by the presence of ligaments, which hold the
bones together and resist excessive or abnormal movements of the joint.
Ligaments are classified as extrinsic ligaments if they are located outside of
the articular capsule, intrinsic ligaments if they are fused to the wall of
the articular capsule, or intracapsular ligaments if they are located inside
the articular capsule. Some synovial joints also have an articular disc
(meniscus), which can provide padding between the bones, smooth their
movements, or strongly join the bones together to strengthen the joint.
Muscles and their tendons acting across a joint can also increase their
contractile strength when needed, thus providing indirect support for the
joint.

Bursae contain a lubricating fluid that serves to reduce friction between
structures. Subcutaneous bursae prevent friction between the skin and an
underlying bone, submuscular bursae protect muscles from rubbing against a
bone or another muscle, and a subtendinous bursa prevents friction between
bone and a muscle tendon. Tendon sheaths contain a lubricating fluid and
surround tendons to allow for smooth movement of the tendon as it crosses a
joint.

Based on the shape of the articulating bone surfaces and the types of movement
allowed, synovial joints are classified into six types. At a pivot joint, one
bone is held within a ring by a ligament and its articulation with a second
bone. Pivot joints only allow for rotation around a single axis. These are
found at the articulation between the C1 (atlas) and the dens of the C2 (axis)
vertebrae, which provides the side-to-side rotation of the head, or at the
proximal radioulnar joint between the head of the radius and the radial notch
of the ulna, which allows for rotation of the radius during forearm movements.
Hinge joints, such as at the elbow, knee, ankle, or interphalangeal joints
between phalanx bones of the fingers and toes, allow only for bending and
straightening of the joint. Pivot and hinge joints are functionally classified
as uniaxial joints.

Condyloid joints are found where the shallow depression of one bone receives a
rounded bony area formed by one or two bones. Condyloid joints are found at
the base of the fingers (metacarpophalangeal joints) and at the wrist
(radiocarpal joint). At a saddle joint, the articulating bones fit together
like a rider and a saddle. An example is the first carpometacarpal joint
located at the base of the thumb. Both condyloid and saddle joints are
functionally classified as biaxial joints.

Plane joints are formed between the small, flattened surfaces of adjacent
bones. These joints allow the bones to slide or rotate against each other, but
the range of motion is usually slight and tightly limited by ligaments or
surrounding bones. This type of joint is found between the articular processes
of adjacent vertebrae, at the acromioclavicular joint, or at the intercarpal
joints of the hand and intertarsal joints of the foot. Ball-and-socket joints,
in which the rounded head of a bone fits into a large depression or socket,
are found at the shoulder and hip joints. Both plane and ball-and-sockets
joints are classified functionally as multiaxial joints. However, ball-and-
socket joints allow for large movements, while the motions between bones at a
plane joint are small.

## [ 9.5 Types of Body Movements  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/9-5-types-of-body-movements)

The variety of movements provided by the different types of synovial joints
allows for a large range of body motions and gives you tremendous mobility.
These movements allow you to flex or extend your body or limbs, medially
rotate and adduct your arms and flex your elbows to hold a heavy object
against your chest, raise your arms above your head, rotate or shake your
head, and bend to touch the toes (with or without bending your knees).

Each of the different structural types of synovial joints also allow for
specific motions. The atlantoaxial pivot joint provides side-to-side rotation
of the head, while the proximal radioulnar articulation allows for rotation of
the radius during pronation and supination of the forearm. Hinge joints, such
as at the knee and elbow, allow only for flexion and extension. Similarly, the
hinge joint of the ankle only allows for dorsiflexion and plantar flexion of
the foot.

Condyloid and saddle joints are biaxial. These allow for flexion and
extension, and abduction and adduction. The sequential combination of flexion,
adduction, extension, and abduction produces circumduction. Multiaxial plane
joints provide for only small motions, but these can add together over several
adjacent joints to produce body movement, such as inversion and eversion of
the foot. Similarly, plane joints allow for flexion, extension, and lateral
flexion movements of the vertebral column. The multiaxial ball and socket
joints allow for flexion-extension, abduction-adduction, and circumduction. In
addition, these also allow for medial (internal) and lateral (external)
rotation. Ball-and-socket joints have the greatest range of motion of all
synovial joints.

## [ 9.6 Anatomy of Selected Synovial Joints
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/9-6-anatomy-of-
selected-synovial-joints)

Although synovial joints share many common features, each joint of the body is
specialized for certain movements and activities. The joints of the upper limb
provide for large ranges of motion, which give the upper limb great mobility,
thus enabling actions such as the throwing of a ball or typing on a keyboard.
The joints of the lower limb are more robust, giving them greater strength and
the stability needed to support the body weight during running, jumping, or
kicking activities.

The joints of the vertebral column include the symphysis joints formed by each
intervertebral disc and the plane synovial joints between the superior and
inferior articular processes of adjacent vertebrae. Each of these joints
provide for limited motions, but these sum together to produce flexion,
extension, lateral flexion, and rotation of the neck and body. The range of
motions available in each region of the vertebral column varies, with all of
these motions available in the cervical region. Only rotation is allowed in
the thoracic region, while the lumbar region has considerable extension,
flexion, and lateral flexion, but rotation is prevented. The atlanto-occipital
joint allows for flexion and extension of the head, while the atlantoaxial
joint is a pivot joint that provides for rotation of the head.

The temporomandibular joint is the articulation between the condyle of the
mandible and the mandibular fossa and articular tubercle of the skull temporal
bone. An articular disc is located between the bony components of this joint.
A combination of gliding and hinge motions of the mandibular condyle allows
for elevation/depression, protraction/retraction, and side-to-side motions of
the lower jaw.

The glenohumeral (shoulder) joint is a multiaxial ball-and-socket joint that
provides flexion/extension, abduction/adduction, circumduction, and
medial/lateral rotation of the humerus. The head of the humerus articulates
with the glenoid cavity of the scapula. The glenoid labrum extends around the
margin of the glenoid cavity. Intrinsic ligaments, including the coracohumeral
ligament and glenohumeral ligaments, provide some support for the shoulder
joint. However, the primary support comes from muscles crossing the joint
whose tendons form the rotator cuff. These muscle tendons are protected from
friction against the scapula by the subacromial bursa and subscapular bursa.

The elbow is a uniaxial hinge joint that allows for flexion/extension of the
forearm. It includes the humeroulnar joint and the humeroradial joint. The
medial elbow is supported by the ulnar collateral ligament and the radial
collateral ligament supports the lateral side. These ligaments prevent side-
to-side movements and resist hyperextension of the elbow. The proximal
radioulnar joint is a pivot joint that allows for rotation of the radius
during pronation/supination of the forearm. The annular ligament surrounds the
head of the radius to hold it in place at this joint.

The hip joint is a ball-and-socket joint whose motions are more restricted
than at the shoulder to provide greater stability during weight bearing. The
hip joint is the articulation between the head of the femur and the acetabulum
of the hip bone. The acetabulum is deepened by the acetabular labrum. The
iliofemoral, pubofemoral, and ischiofemoral ligaments strongly support the hip
joint in the upright, standing position. The ligament of the head of the femur
provides little support but carries an important artery that supplies the
femur.

The knee includes three articulations. The femoropatellar joint is between the
patella and distal femur. The patella, a sesamoid bone incorporated into the
tendon of the quadriceps femoris muscle of the anterior thigh, serves to
protect this tendon from rubbing against the distal femur during knee
movements. The medial and lateral tibiofemoral joints, between the condyles of
the femur and condyles of the tibia, are modified hinge joints that allow for
knee extension and flexion. During these movements, the condyles of the femur
both roll and glide over the surface of the tibia. As the knee comes into full
extension, a slight medial rotation of the femur serves to “lock” the knee
into its most stable, weight-bearing position. The reverse motion, a small
lateral rotation of the femur, is required to initiate knee flexion. When the
knee is flexed, some rotation of the leg is available.

Two extrinsic ligaments, the tibial collateral ligament on the medial side and
the fibular collateral ligament on the lateral side, serve to resist
hyperextension or rotation of the extended knee joint. Two intracapsular
ligaments, the anterior cruciate ligament and posterior cruciate ligament,
span between the tibia and the inner aspects of the femoral condyles. The
anterior cruciate ligament resists hyperextension of the knee, while the
posterior cruciate ligament prevents anterior sliding of the femur, thus
supporting the knee when it is flexed and weight bearing. The medial and
lateral menisci, located between the femoral and tibial condyles, are
articular discs that provide padding and improve the fit between the bones.

The talocrural joint forms the ankle. It consists of the articulation between
the talus bone and the medial malleolus of the tibia, the distal end of the
tibia, and the lateral malleolus of the fibula. This is a uniaxial hinge joint
that allows only dorsiflexion and plantar flexion of the foot. Gliding motions
at the subtalar and intertarsal joints of the foot allow for
inversion/eversion of the foot. The ankle joint is supported on the medial
side by the deltoid ligament, which prevents side-to-side motions of the talus
at the talocrural joint and resists excessive eversion of the foot. The
lateral ankle is supported by the anterior and posterior talofibular ligaments
and the calcaneofibular ligament. These support the ankle joint and also
resist excess inversion of the foot. An inversion ankle sprain, a common
injury, will result in injury to one or more of these lateral ankle ligaments.

## [ 9.7 Development of Joints  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/9-7-development-of-joints)

During embryonic growth, bones and joints develop from mesenchyme, an
embryonic tissue that gives rise to bone, cartilage, and fibrous connective
tissues. In the skull, the bones develop either directly from mesenchyme
through the process of intramembranous ossification, or indirectly through
endochondral ossification, which initially forms a hyaline cartilage model of
the future bone, which is later converted into bone. In both cases, the
mesenchyme between the developing bones differentiates into fibrous connective
tissue that will unite the skull bones at suture joints. In the limbs,
mesenchyme accumulations within the growing limb bud will become a hyaline
cartilage model for each of the limb bones. A joint interzone will develop
between these areas of cartilage. Mesenchyme cells at the margins of the
interzone will give rise to the articular capsule, while cell death at the
center forms the space that will become the joint cavity of the future
synovial joint. The hyaline cartilage model of each limb bone will eventually
be converted into bone via the process of endochondral ossification. However,
hyaline cartilage will remain, covering the ends of the adult bone as the
articular cartilage.

