## [ 4.1 Types of Tissues  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/4-1-types-of-tissues)

The human body contains more than 200 types of cells that can all be
classified into four types of tissues: epithelial, connective, muscle, and
nervous. Epithelial tissues act as coverings controlling the movement of
materials across the surface. Connective tissue integrates the various parts
of the body and provides support and protection to organs. Muscle tissue
allows the body to move. Nervous tissues propagate information.

The study of the shape and arrangement of cells in tissue is called histology.
All cells and tissues in the body derive from three germ layers in the embryo:
the ectoderm, mesoderm, and endoderm.

Different types of tissues form membranes that enclose organs, provide a
friction-free interaction between organs, and keep organs together. Synovial
membranes are connective tissue membranes that protect and line the joints.
Epithelial membranes are formed from epithelial tissue attached to a layer of
connective tissue. There are three types of epithelial membranes: mucous,
which contain glands; serous, which secrete fluid; and cutaneous which makes
up the skin.

## [ 4.2 Epithelial Tissue  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/4-2-epithelial-tissue)

In epithelial tissue, cells are closely packed with little or no extracellular
matrix except for the basal lamina that separates the epithelium from
underlying tissue. The main functions of epithelia are protection from the
environment, coverage, secretion and excretion, absorption, and filtration.
Cells are bound together by tight junctions that form an impermeable barrier.
They can also be connected by gap junctions, which allow free exchange of
soluble molecules between cells, and anchoring junctions, which attach cell to
cell or cell to matrix. The different types of epithelial tissues are
characterized by their cellular shapes and arrangements: squamous, cuboidal,
or columnar epithelia. Single cell layers form simple epithelia, whereas
stacked cells form stratified epithelia. Very few capillaries penetrate these
tissues.

Glands are secretory tissues and organs that are derived from epithelial
tissues. Exocrine glands release their products through ducts. Endocrine
glands secrete hormones directly into the interstitial fluid and blood stream.
Glands are classified both according to the type of secretion and by their
structure. Merocrine glands secrete products as they are synthesized. Apocrine
glands release secretions by pinching off the apical portion of the cell,
whereas holocrine gland cells store their secretions until they rupture and
release their contents. In this case, the cell becomes part of the secretion.

## [ 4.3 Connective Tissue Supports and Protects
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/4-3-connective-
tissue-supports-and-protects)

Connective tissue is a heterogeneous tissue with many cell shapes and tissue
architecture. Structurally, all connective tissues contain cells that are
embedded in an extracellular matrix stabilized by proteins. The chemical
nature and physical layout of the extracellular matrix and proteins vary
enormously among tissues, reflecting the variety of functions that connective
tissue fulfills in the body. Connective tissues separate and cushion organs,
protecting them from shifting or traumatic injury. Connect tissues provide
support and assist movement, store and transport energy molecules, protect
against infections, and contribute to temperature homeostasis.

Many different cells contribute to the formation of connective tissues. They
originate in the mesodermal germ layer and differentiate from mesenchyme and
hematopoietic tissue in the bone marrow. Fibroblasts are the most abundant and
secrete many protein fibers, adipocytes specialize in fat storage,
hematopoietic cells from the bone marrow give rise to all the blood cells,
chondrocytes form cartilage, and osteocytes form bone. The extracellular
matrix contains fluid, proteins, polysaccharide derivatives, and, in the case
of bone, mineral crystals. Protein fibers fall into three major groups:
collagen fibers that are thick, strong, flexible, and resist stretch;
reticular fibers that are thin and form a supportive mesh; and elastin fibers
that are thin and elastic.

The major types of connective tissue are connective tissue proper, supportive
tissue, and fluid tissue. Loose connective tissue proper includes adipose
tissue, areolar tissue, and reticular tissue. These serve to hold organs and
other tissues in place and, in the case of adipose tissue, isolate and store
energy reserves. The matrix is the most abundant feature for loose tissue
although adipose tissue does not have much extracellular matrix. Dense
connective tissue proper is richer in fibers and may be regular, with fibers
oriented in parallel as in ligaments and tendons, or irregular, with fibers
oriented in several directions. Organ capsules (collagenous type) and walls of
arteries (elastic type) contain dense irregular connective tissue. Cartilage
and bone are supportive tissue. Cartilage contains chondrocytes and is
somewhat flexible. Hyaline cartilage is smooth and clear, covers joints, and
is found in the growing portion of bones. Fibrocartilage is tough because of
extra collagen fibers and forms, among other things, the intervertebral discs.
Elastic cartilage can stretch and recoil to its original shape because of its
high content of elastic fibers. The matrix contains very few blood vessels.
Bones are made of a rigid, mineralized matrix containing calcium salts,
crystals, and osteocytes lodged in lacunae. Bone tissue is highly
vascularized. Cancellous bone is spongy and less solid than compact bone.
Fluid tissue, for example blood and lymph, is characterized by a liquid matrix
and no supporting fibers.

## [ 4.4 Muscle Tissue and Motion  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/4-4-muscle-tissue-and-motion)

The three types of muscle cells are skeletal, cardiac, and smooth. Their
morphologies match their specific functions in the body. Skeletal muscle is
voluntary and responds to conscious stimuli. The cells are striated and
multinucleated appearing as long, unbranched cylinders. Cardiac muscle is
involuntary and found only in the heart. Each cell is striated with a single
nucleus and they attach to one another to form long fibers. Cells are attached
to one another at intercalated disks. The cells are interconnected physically
and electrochemically to act as a syncytium. Cardiac muscle cells contract
autonomously and involuntarily. Smooth muscle is involuntary. Each cell is a
spindle-shaped fiber and contains a single nucleus. No striations are evident
because the actin and myosin filaments do not align in the cytoplasm.

## [ 4.5 Nervous Tissue Mediates Perception and Response
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/4-5-nervous-
tissue-mediates-perception-and-response)

The most prominent cell of the nervous tissue, the neuron, is characterized
mainly by its ability to receive stimuli and respond by generating an
electrical signal, known as an action potential, which can travel rapidly over
great distances in the body. A typical neuron displays a distinctive
morphology: a large cell body branches out into short extensions called
dendrites, which receive chemical signals from other neurons, and a long tail
called an axon, which relays signals away from the cell to other neurons,
muscles, or glands. Many axons are wrapped by a myelin sheath, a lipid
derivative that acts as an insulator and speeds up the transmission of the
action potential. Other cells in the nervous tissue, the neuroglia, include
the astrocytes, microglia, oligodendrocytes, and Schwann cells.

## [ 4.6 Tissue Injury and Aging  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/4-6-tissue-injury-and-aging)

Inflammation is the classic response of the body to injury and follows a
common sequence of events. The area is red, feels warm to the touch, swells,
and is painful. Injured cells, mast cells, and resident macrophages release
chemical signals that cause vasodilation and fluid leakage in the surrounding
tissue. The repair phase includes blood clotting, followed by regeneration of
tissue as fibroblasts deposit collagen. Some tissues regenerate more readily
than others. Epithelial and connective tissues replace damaged or dead cells
from a supply of adult stem cells. Muscle and nervous tissues undergo either
slow regeneration or do not repair at all.

Age affects all the tissues and organs of the body. Damaged cells do not
regenerate as rapidly as in younger people. Perception of sensation and
effectiveness of response are lost in the nervous system. Muscles atrophy, and
bones lose mass and become brittle. Collagen decreases in some connective
tissue, and joints stiffen.

