1. 

By clicking on this [link](http://openstax.org/l/fooddigestion), you can watch
a short video of what happens to the food you eat as it passes from your mouth
to your intestine. Along the way, note how the food changes consistency and
form. How does this change in consistency facilitate your gaining nutrients
from food?

2. 

Visit this [site](http://openstax.org/l/fooddigestion2) for an overview of
digestion of food in different regions of the digestive tract. Note the route
of non-fat nutrients from the small intestine to their release as nutrients to
the body.

3. 

Watch this [animation](http://openstax.org/l/swallowing) to see how swallowing
is a complex process that involves the nervous system to coordinate the
actions of upper respiratory and digestive activities. During which stage of
swallowing is there a risk of food entering respiratory pathways and how is
this risk blocked?

4. 

Watch this [animation](http://openstax.org/l/stomach1) that depicts the
structure of the stomach and how this structure functions in the initiation of
protein digestion. This view of the stomach shows the characteristic rugae.
What is the function of these rugae?

5. 

Watch this [animation](http://openstax.org/l/sintestine) that depicts the
structure of the small intestine, and, in particular, the villi. Epithelial
cells continue the digestion and absorption of nutrients and transport these
nutrients to the lymphatic and circulatory systems. In the small intestine,
the products of food digestion are absorbed by different structures in the
villi. Which structure absorbs and transports fats?

6. 

By watching this [animation](http://openstax.org/l/foodgroups), you will see
that for the various food groups—proteins, fats, and carbohydrates—digestion
and absorption occur mainly in the small intestines. Of the three major food
classes (carbohydrates, fats, and proteins), which breakdown products are
absorbed into lymphatic vessels called lacteals?

7. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/liver) to see the structure of the
liver and how this structure supports the functions of the liver, including
the processing of nutrients, toxins, and wastes. At rest, about 1500 mL of
blood per minute flow through the liver. What percentage of this blood flow
comes from the hepatic portal system?

