1. 

Watch this [animation](http://openstax.org/l/braindevel) to examine the
development of the brain, starting with the neural tube. As the anterior end
of the neural tube develops, it enlarges into the primary vesicles that
establish the forebrain, midbrain, and hindbrain. Those structures continue to
develop throughout the rest of embryonic development and into adolescence.
They are the basis of the structure of the fully developed adult brain. How
would you describe the difference in the relative sizes of the three regions
of the brain when comparing the early (25th embryonic day) brain and the adult
brain?

2. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/whitematter) to learn about the white
matter in the cerebrum that develops during childhood and adolescence. This is
a composite of MRI images taken of the brains of people from 5 years of age
through 20 years of age, demonstrating how the cerebrum changes. As the color
changes to blue, the ratio of gray matter to white matter changes. The caption
for the video describes it as “less gray matter,” which is another way of
saying “more white matter.” If the brain does not finish developing until
approximately 20 years of age, can teenagers be held responsible for behaving
badly?

3. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/basalnuclei1) to learn about the
basal nuclei (also known as the basal ganglia), which have two pathways that
process information within the cerebrum. As shown in this video, the direct
pathway is the shorter pathway through the system that results in increased
activity in the cerebral cortex and increased motor activity. The direct
pathway is described as resulting in “disinhibition” of the thalamus. What
does disinhibition mean? What are the two neurons doing individually to cause
this?

4. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/basalnuclei2) to learn about the
basal nuclei (also known as the basal ganglia), which have two pathways that
process information within the cerebrum. As shown in this video, the indirect
pathway is the longer pathway through the system that results in decreased
activity in the cerebral cortex, and therefore less motor activity. The
indirect pathway has an extra couple of connections in it, including
disinhibition of the subthalamic nucleus. What is the end result on the
thalamus, and therefore on movement initiated by the cerebral cortex?

5. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/graymatter) to learn about the gray
matter of the spinal cord that receives input from fibers of the dorsal
(posterior) root and sends information out through the fibers of the ventral
(anterior) root. As discussed in this video, these connections represent the
interactions of the CNS with peripheral structures for both sensory and motor
functions. The cervical and lumbar spinal cords have enlargements as a result
of larger populations of neurons. What are these enlargements responsible for?

6. 

Compared with the nearest evolutionary relative, the chimpanzee, the human has
a brain that is huge. At a point in the past, a common ancestor gave rise to
the two species of humans and chimpanzees. That evolutionary history is long
and is still an area of intense study. But something happened to increase the
size of the human brain relative to the chimpanzee. Read this
[article](http://openstax.org/l/hugebrain) in which the author explores the
current understanding of why this happened.

According to one hypothesis about the expansion of brain size, what tissue
might have been sacrificed so energy was available to grow our larger brain?
Based on what you know about that tissue and nervous tissue, why would there
be a trade-off between them in terms of energy use?

7. 

Watch this [animation](http://openstax.org/l/bloodflow1) to see how blood
flows to the brain and passes through the circle of Willis before being
distributed through the cerebrum. The circle of Willis is a specialized
arrangement of arteries that ensure constant perfusion of the cerebrum even in
the event of a blockage of one of the arteries in the circle. The animation
shows the normal direction of flow through the circle of Willis to the middle
cerebral artery. Where would the blood come from if there were a blockage just
posterior to the middle cerebral artery on the left?

8. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/lumbarpuncture) that describes the
procedure known as the lumbar puncture, a medical procedure used to sample the
CSF. Because of the anatomy of the CNS, it is a relative safe location to
insert a needle. Why is the lumbar puncture performed in the lower lumbar area
of the vertebral column?

9. 

Watch this [animation](http://openstax.org/l/CSFflow) that shows the flow of
CSF through the brain and spinal cord, and how it originates from the
ventricles and then spreads into the space within the meninges, where the
fluids then move into the venous sinuses to return to the cardiovascular
circulation. What are the structures that produce CSF and where are they
found? How are the structures indicated in this animation?

10. 

[Figure 13.20](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/13-4-the-peripheral-nervous-system#fig-ch13_04_02) If you
zoom in on the DRG, you can see smaller satellite glial cells surrounding the
large cell bodies of the sensory neurons. From what structure do satellite
cells derive during embryologic development?

11. 

[Figure 13.22](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/13-4-the-peripheral-nervous-system#fig-ch13_04_04) To what
structures in a skeletal muscle are the endoneurium, perineurium, and
epineurium comparable?

12. 

Visit this [site](http://openstax.org/l/NYTmeningitis) to read about a man who
wakes with a headache and a loss of vision. His regular doctor sent him to an
ophthalmologist to address the vision loss. The ophthalmologist recognizes a
greater problem and immediately sends him to the emergency room. Once there,
the patient undergoes a large battery of tests, but a definite cause cannot be
found. A specialist recognizes the problem as meningitis, but the question is
what caused it originally. How can that be cured? The loss of vision comes
from swelling around the optic nerve, which probably presented as a bulge on
the inside of the eye. Why is swelling related to meningitis going to push on
the optic nerve?

