1. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/fractures) to see how fractures of
the distal radius bone can affect the wrist joint. Explain the problems that
may occur if a fracture of the distal radius involves the joint surface of the
radiocarpal joint of the wrist.

2. 

Visit this [site](http://openstax.org/l/handbone) to explore the bones and
joints of the hand. What are the three arches of the hand, and what is the
importance of these during the gripping of an object?

3. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/colles) to learn about a Colles
fracture, a break of the distal radius, usually caused by falling onto an
outstretched hand. When would surgery be required and how would the fracture
be repaired in this case?

4. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/3Dpelvis) for a 3-D view of the
pelvis and its associated ligaments. What is the large opening in the bony
pelvis, located between the ischium and pubic regions, and what two parts of
the pubis contribute to the formation of this opening?

5. 

Watch this [video](http://openstax.org/l/midfemur) to view how a fracture of
the mid-femur is surgically repaired. How are the two portions of the broken
femur stabilized during surgical repair of a fractured femur?

6. 

Visit this [site](http://openstax.org/l/kneesurgery) to watch a virtual knee
replacement surgery. The prosthetic knee components must be properly aligned
to function properly. How is this alignment ensured?

7. 

Use this [tutorial](http://openstax.org/l/footbones) to review the bones of
the foot. Which tarsal bones are in the proximal, intermediate, and distal
groups?

8. 

View this [link](http://openstax.org/l/bunion) to learn about a bunion, a
localized swelling on the medial side of the foot, next to the first
metatarsophalangeal joint, at the base of the big toe. What is a bunion and
what type of shoe is most likely to cause this to develop?

9. 

Watch this [animation](http://openstax.org/l/limbbuds) to follow the
development and growth of the upper and lower limb buds. On what days of
embryonic development do these events occur: (a) first appearance of the upper
limb bud (limb ridge); (b) the flattening of the distal limb to form the
handplate or footplate; and (c) the beginning of limb rotation?

