## [ 15.1 Divisions of the Autonomic Nervous System
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/15-1-divisions-
of-the-autonomic-nervous-system)

The primary responsibilities of the autonomic nervous system are to regulate
homeostatic mechanisms in the body, which is also part of what the endocrine
system does. The key to understanding the autonomic system is to explore the
response pathways—the output of the nervous system. The way we respond to the
world around us, to manage the internal environment on the basis of the
external environment, is divided between two parts of the autonomic nervous
system. The sympathetic division responds to threats and produces a readiness
to confront the threat or to run away: the fight-or-flight response. The
parasympathetic division plays the opposite role. When the external
environment does not present any immediate danger, a restful mode descends on
the body, and the digestive system is more active.

The sympathetic output of the nervous system originates out of the lateral
horn of the thoracolumbar spinal cord. An axon from one of these central
neurons projects by way of the ventral spinal nerve root and spinal nerve to a
sympathetic ganglion, either in the sympathetic chain ganglia or one of the
collateral locations, where it synapses on a ganglionic neuron. These
preganglionic fibers release ACh, which excites the ganglionic neuron through
the nicotinic receptor. The axon from the ganglionic neuron—the postganglionic
fiber—then projects to a target effector where it will release norepinephrine
to bind to an adrenergic receptor, causing a change in the physiology of that
organ in keeping with the broad, divergent sympathetic response. The
postganglionic connections to sweat glands in the skin and blood vessels
supplying skeletal muscle are, however, exceptions; those fibers release ACh
onto muscarinic receptors. The sympathetic system has a specialized
preganglionic connection to the adrenal medulla that causes epinephrine and
norepinephrine to be released into the bloodstream rather than exciting a
neuron that contacts an organ directly. This hormonal component means that the
sympathetic chemical signal can spread throughout the body very quickly and
affect many organ systems at once.

The parasympathetic output is based in the brain stem and sacral spinal cord.
Neurons from particular nuclei in the brain stem or from the lateral horn of
the sacral spinal cord (preganglionic neurons) project to terminal
(intramural) ganglia located close to or within the wall of target effectors.
These preganglionic fibers also release ACh onto nicotinic receptors to excite
the ganglionic neurons. The postganglionic fibers then contact the target
tissues within the organ to release ACh, which binds to muscarinic receptors
to induce rest-and-digest responses.

Signaling molecules utilized by the autonomic nervous system are released from
axons and can be considered as either neurotransmitters (when they directly
interact with the effector) or as hormones (when they are released into the
bloodstream). The same molecule, such as norepinephrine, could be considered
either a neurotransmitter or a hormone on the basis of whether it is released
from a postganglionic sympathetic axon or from the adrenal gland. The synapses
in the autonomic system are not always the typical type of connection first
described in the neuromuscular junction. Instead of having synaptic end bulbs
at the very end of an axonal fiber, they may have swellings—called
varicosities—along the length of a fiber so that it makes a network of
connections within the target tissue.

## [ 15.2 Autonomic Reflexes and Homeostasis
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/15-2-autonomic-
reflexes-and-homeostasis)

Autonomic nervous system function is based on the visceral reflex. This reflex
is similar to the somatic reflex, but the efferent branch is composed of two
neurons. The central neuron projects from the spinal cord or brain stem to
synapse on the ganglionic neuron that projects to the effector. The afferent
branch of the somatic and visceral reflexes is very similar, as many somatic
and special senses activate autonomic responses. However, there are visceral
senses that do not form part of conscious perception. If a visceral sensation,
such as cardiac pain, is strong enough, it will rise to the level of
consciousness. However, the sensory homunculus does not provide a
representation of the internal structures to the same degree as the surface of
the body, so visceral sensations are often experienced as referred pain, such
as feelings of pain in the left shoulder and arm in connection with a heart
attack.

The role of visceral reflexes is to maintain a balance of function in the
organ systems of the body. The two divisions of the autonomic system each play
a role in effecting change, usually in competing directions. The sympathetic
system increases heart rate, whereas the parasympathetic system decreases
heart rate. The sympathetic system dilates the pupil of the eye, whereas the
parasympathetic system constricts the pupil. The competing inputs can
contribute to the resting tone of the organ system. Heart rate is normally
under parasympathetic tone, whereas blood pressure is normally under
sympathetic tone. The heart rate is slowed by the autonomic system at rest,
whereas blood vessels retain a slight constriction at rest.

In a few systems of the body, the competing input from the two divisions is
not the norm. The sympathetic tone of blood vessels is caused by the lack of
parasympathetic input to the systemic circulatory system. Only certain regions
receive parasympathetic input that relaxes the smooth muscle wall of the blood
vessels. Sweat glands are another example, which only receive input from the
sympathetic system.

## [ 15.3 Central Control  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/15-3-central-control)

The autonomic system integrates sensory information and higher cognitive
processes to generate output, which balances homeostatic mechanisms. The
central autonomic structure is the hypothalamus, which coordinates sympathetic
and parasympathetic efferent pathways to regulate activities of the organ
systems of the body. The majority of hypothalamic output travels through the
medial forebrain bundle and the dorsal longitudinal fasciculus to influence
brain stem and spinal components of the autonomic nervous system. The medial
forebrain bundle also connects the hypothalamus with higher centers of the
limbic system where emotion can influence visceral responses. The amygdala is
a structure within the limbic system that influences the hypothalamus in the
regulation of the autonomic system, as well as the endocrine system.

These higher centers have descending control of the autonomic system through
brain stem centers, primarily in the medulla, such as the cardiovascular
center. This collection of medullary nuclei regulates cardiac function, as
well as blood pressure. Sensory input from the heart, aorta, and carotid
sinuses project to these regions of the medulla. The solitary nucleus
increases sympathetic tone of the cardiovascular system through the cardiac
accelerator and vasomotor nerves. The nucleus ambiguus and the dorsal motor
nucleus both contribute fibers to the vagus nerve, which exerts
parasympathetic control of the heart by decreasing heart rate.

## [ 15.4 Drugs that Affect the Autonomic System
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/15-4-drugs-that-
affect-the-autonomic-system)

The autonomic system is affected by a number of exogenous agents, including
some that are therapeutic and some that are illicit. These drugs affect the
autonomic system by mimicking or interfering with the endogenous agents or
their receptors. A survey of how different drugs affect autonomic function
illustrates the role that the neurotransmitters and hormones play in autonomic
function. Drugs can be thought of as chemical tools to effect changes in the
system with some precision, based on where those drugs are effective.

Nicotine is not a drug that is used therapeutically, except for smoking
cessation. When it is introduced into the body via products, it has broad
effects on the autonomic system. Nicotine carries a risk for cardiovascular
disease because of these broad effects. The drug stimulates both sympathetic
and parasympathetic ganglia at the preganglionic fiber synapse. For most organ
systems in the body, the competing input from the two postganglionic fibers
will essentially cancel each other out. However, for the cardiovascular
system, the results are different. Because there is essentially no
parasympathetic influence on blood pressure for the entire body, the
sympathetic input is increased by nicotine, causing an increase in blood
pressure. Also, the influence that the autonomic system has on the heart is
not the same as for other systems. Other organs have smooth muscle or
glandular tissue that is activated or inhibited by the autonomic system.
Cardiac muscle is intrinsically active and is modulated by the autonomic
system. The contradictory signals do not just cancel each other out, they
alter the regularity of the heart rate and can cause arrhythmias. Both
hypertension and arrhythmias are risk factors for heart disease.

Other drugs affect one division of the autonomic system or the other. The
sympathetic system is affected by drugs that mimic the actions of adrenergic
molecules (norepinephrine and epinephrine) and are called sympathomimetic
drugs. Drugs such as phenylephrine bind to the adrenergic receptors and
stimulate target organs just as sympathetic activity would. Other drugs are
sympatholytic because they block adrenergic activity and cancel the
sympathetic influence on the target organ. Drugs that act on the
parasympathetic system also work by either enhancing the postganglionic signal
or blocking it. A muscarinic agonist (or parasympathomimetic drug) acts just
like ACh released by the parasympathetic postganglionic fiber. Anticholinergic
drugs block muscarinic receptors, suppressing parasympathetic interaction with
the organ.

