![This photo shows a nurse taking a woman’s blood pressure with a blood
pressure cuff. The nurse is pumping the cuff with her right hand and holding a
stethoscope on the patient’s arm with her left
hand.](data:image/jpeg;base64,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)

Figure  1.1 Blood Pressure A proficiency in anatomy and physiology is
fundamental to any career in the health professions. (credit: Bryan
Mason/flickr)

##  Chapter Objectives

After studying this chapter, you will be able to:

  * Distinguish between anatomy and physiology, and identify several branches of each
  * Describe the structure of the body, from simplest to most complex, in terms of the six levels of organization
  * Identify the functional characteristics of human life
  * Identify the four requirements for human survival
  * Define homeostasis and explain its importance to normal human functioning
  * Use appropriate anatomical terminology to identify key body structures, body regions, and directions in the body
  * Compare and contrast at least four medical imaging techniques in terms of their function and use in medicine

Though you may approach a course in anatomy and physiology strictly as a
requirement for your field of study, the knowledge you gain in this course
will serve you well in many aspects of your life. An understanding of anatomy
and physiology is not only fundamental to any career in the health
professions, but it can also benefit your own health. Familiarity with the
human body can help you make healthful choices and prompt you to take
appropriate action when signs of illness arise. Your knowledge in this field
will help you understand news about nutrition, medications, medical devices,
and procedures and help you understand genetic or infectious diseases. At some
point, everyone will have a problem with some aspect of their body and your
knowledge can help you to be a better parent, spouse, partner, friend,
colleague, or caregiver.

This chapter begins with an overview of anatomy and physiology and a preview
of the body regions and functions. It then covers the characteristics of life
and how the body works to maintain stable conditions. It introduces a set of
standard terms for body structures and for planes and positions in the body
that will serve as a foundation for more comprehensive information covered
later in the text. It ends with examples of medical imaging used to see inside
the living body.

