## [ 24.1 Overview of Metabolic Reactions
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/24-1-overview-of-
metabolic-reactions)

Metabolism is the sum of all catabolic (break down) and anabolic (synthesis)
reactions in the body. The metabolic rate measures the amount of energy used
to maintain life. An organism must ingest a sufficient amount of food to
maintain its metabolic rate if the organism is to stay alive for very long.

Catabolic reactions break down larger molecules, such as carbohydrates,
lipids, and proteins from ingested food, into their constituent smaller parts.
They also include the breakdown of ATP, which releases the energy needed for
metabolic processes in all cells throughout the body.

Anabolic reactions, or biosynthetic reactions, synthesize larger molecules
from smaller constituent parts, using ATP as the energy source for these
reactions. Anabolic reactions build bone, muscle mass, and new proteins, fats,
and nucleic acids. Oxidation-reduction reactions transfer electrons across
molecules by oxidizing one molecule and reducing another, and collecting the
released energy to convert Pi and ADP into ATP. Errors in metabolism alter the
processing of carbohydrates, lipids, proteins, and nucleic acids, and can
result in a number of disease states.

## [ 24.2 Carbohydrate Metabolism  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/24-2-carbohydrate-metabolism)

Metabolic enzymes catalyze catabolic reactions that break down carbohydrates
contained in food. The energy released is used to power the cells and systems
that make up your body. Excess or unutilized energy is stored as fat or
glycogen for later use. Carbohydrate metabolism begins in the mouth, where the
enzyme salivary amylase begins to break down complex sugars into
monosaccharides. These can then be transported across the intestinal membrane
into the bloodstream and then to body tissues. In the cells, glucose, a six-
carbon sugar, is processed through a sequence of reactions into smaller
sugars, and the energy stored inside the molecule is released. The first step
of carbohydrate catabolism is glycolysis, which produces pyruvate, NADH, and
ATP. Under anaerobic conditions, the pyruvate can be converted into lactate to
keep glycolysis working. Under aerobic conditions, pyruvate enters the Krebs
cycle, also called the citric acid cycle or tricarboxylic acid cycle. In
addition to ATP, the Krebs cycle produces high-energy FADH2 and NADH
molecules, which provide electrons to the oxidative phosphorylation process
that generates more high-energy ATP molecules. For each molecule of glucose
that is processed in glycolysis, a net of 36 ATPs can be created by aerobic
respiration.

Under anaerobic conditions, ATP production is limited to those generated by
glycolysis. While a total of four ATPs are produced by glycolysis, two are
needed to begin glycolysis, so there is a net yield of two ATP molecules.

In conditions of low glucose, such as fasting, starvation, or low carbohydrate
diets, glucose can be synthesized from lactate, pyruvate, glycerol, alanine,
or glutamate. This process, called gluconeogenesis, is almost the reverse of
glycolysis and serves to create glucose molecules for glucose-dependent
organs, such as the brain, when glucose levels fall below normal.

## [ 24.3 Lipid Metabolism  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/24-3-lipid-metabolism)

Lipids are available to the body from three sources. They can be ingested in
the diet, stored in the adipose tissue of the body, or synthesized in the
liver. Fats ingested in the diet are digested in the small intestine. The
triglycerides are broken down into monoglycerides and free fatty acids, then
imported across the intestinal mucosa. Once across, the triglycerides are
resynthesized and transported to the liver or adipose tissue. Fatty acids are
oxidized through fatty acid or β-oxidation into two-carbon acetyl CoA
molecules, which can then enter the Krebs cycle to generate ATP. If excess
acetyl CoA is created and overloads the capacity of the Krebs cycle, the
acetyl CoA can be used to synthesize ketone bodies. When glucose is limited,
ketone bodies can be oxidized and used for fuel. Excess acetyl CoA generated
from excess glucose or carbohydrate ingestion can be used for fatty acid
synthesis or lipogenesis. Acetyl CoA is used to create lipids, triglycerides,
steroid hormones, cholesterol, and bile salts. Lipolysis is the breakdown of
triglycerides into glycerol and fatty acids, making them easier for the body
to process.

## [ 24.4 Protein Metabolism  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/24-4-protein-metabolism)

Digestion of proteins begins in the stomach, where HCl and pepsin begin the
process of breaking down proteins into their constituent amino acids. As the
chyme enters the small intestine, it mixes with bicarbonate and digestive
enzymes. The bicarbonate neutralizes the acidic HCl, and the digestive enzymes
break down the proteins into smaller peptides and amino acids. Digestive
hormones secretin and CCK are released from the small intestine to aid in
digestive processes, and digestive proenzymes are released from the pancreas
(trypsinogen and chymotrypsinogen). Enterokinase, an enzyme located in the
wall of the small intestine, activates trypsin, which in turn activates
chymotrypsin. These enzymes liberate the individual amino acids that are then
transported via sodium-amino acid transporters across the intestinal wall into
the cell. The amino acids are then transported into the bloodstream for
dispersal to the liver and cells throughout the body to be used to create new
proteins. When in excess, the amino acids are processed and stored as glucose
or ketones. The nitrogen waste that is liberated in this process is converted
to urea in the urea acid cycle and eliminated in the urine. In times of
starvation, amino acids can be used as an energy source and processed through
the Krebs cycle.

## [ 24.5 Metabolic States of the Body  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-
and-physiology-2e/pages/24-5-metabolic-states-of-the-body)

There are three main metabolic states of the body: absorptive (fed),
postabsorptive (fasting), and starvation. During any given day, your
metabolism switches between absorptive and postabsorptive states. Starvation
states happen very rarely in generally well-nourished individuals. When the
body is fed, glucose, fats, and proteins are absorbed across the intestinal
membrane and enter the bloodstream and lymphatic system to be used immediately
for fuel. Any excess is stored for later fasting stages. As blood glucose
levels rise, the pancreas releases insulin to stimulate the uptake of glucose
by hepatocytes in the liver, muscle cells/fibers, and adipocytes (fat cells),
and to promote its conversion to glycogen. As the postabsorptive state begins,
glucose levels drop, and there is a corresponding drop in insulin levels.
Falling glucose levels trigger the pancreas to release glucagon to turn off
glycogen synthesis in the liver and stimulate its breakdown into glucose. The
glucose is released into the bloodstream to serve as a fuel source for cells
throughout the body. If glycogen stores are depleted during fasting,
alternative sources, including fatty acids and proteins, can be metabolized
and used as fuel. When the body once again enters the absorptive state after
fasting, fats and proteins are digested and used to replenish fat and protein
stores, whereas glucose is processed and used first to replenish the glycogen
stores in the peripheral tissues, then in the liver. If the fast is not broken
and starvation begins to set in, during the initial days, glucose produced
from gluconeogenesis is still used by the brain and organs. After a few days,
however, ketone bodies are created from fats and serve as the preferential
fuel source for the heart and other organs, so that the brain can still use
glucose. Once these stores are depleted, proteins will be catabolized first
from the organs with fast turnover, such as the intestinal lining. Muscle will
be spared to prevent the wasting of muscle tissue; however, these proteins
will be used if alternative stores are not available.

## [ 24.6 Energy and Heat Balance  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/24-6-energy-and-heat-balance)

Some of the energy from the food that is ingested is used to maintain the core
temperature of the body. Most of the energy derived from the food is released
as heat. The core temperature is kept around 36.5–37.5 °C (97.7–99.5 °F). This
is tightly regulated by the hypothalamus in the brain, which senses changes in
the core temperature and operates like a thermostat to increase sweating or
shivering, or inducing other mechanisms to return the temperature to its
normal range. The body can also gain or lose heat through mechanisms of heat
exchange. Conduction transfers heat from one object to another through
physical contact. Convection transfers heat to air or water. Radiation
transfers heat via infrared radiation. Evaporation transfers heat as water
changes state from a liquid to a gas.

## [ 24.7 Nutrition and Diet  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/24-7-nutrition-and-diet)

Nutrition and diet affect your metabolism. More energy is required to break
down fats and proteins than carbohydrates; however, all excess calories that
are ingested will be stored as fat in the body. On average, a person requires
1500 to 2000 calories for normal daily activity, although routine exercise
will increase that amount. If you ingest more than that, the remainder is
stored for later use. Conversely, if you ingest less than that, the energy
stores in your body will be depleted. Both the quantity and quality of the
food you eat affect your metabolism and can affect your overall health. Eating
too much or too little can result in serious medical conditions, including
cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes.

Vitamins and minerals are essential parts of the diet. They are needed for the
proper function of metabolic pathways in the body. Vitamins are not stored in
the body, so they must be obtained from the diet or synthesized from
precursors available in the diet. Minerals are also obtained from the diet,
but they are also stored, primarily in skeletal tissues.

