## [ 12.1 Basic Structure and Function of the Nervous System
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/12-1-basic-
structure-and-function-of-the-nervous-system)

The nervous system can be separated into divisions on the basis of anatomy and
physiology. The anatomical divisions are the central and peripheral nervous
systems. The CNS is the brain and spinal cord. The PNS is everything else.
Functionally, the nervous system can be divided into those regions that are
responsible for sensation, those that are responsible for integration, and
those that are responsible for generating responses. All of these functional
areas are found in both the central and peripheral anatomy.

Considering the anatomical regions of the nervous system, there are specific
names for the structures within each division. A localized collection of
neuron cell bodies is referred to as a nucleus in the CNS and as a ganglion in
the PNS. A bundle of axons is referred to as a tract in the CNS and as a nerve
in the PNS. Whereas nuclei and ganglia are specifically in the central or
peripheral divisions, axons can cross the boundary between the two. A single
axon can be part of a nerve and a tract. The name for that specific structure
depends on its location.

Nervous tissue can also be described as gray matter and white matter on the
basis of its appearance in unstained tissue. These descriptions are more often
used in the CNS. Gray matter is where nuclei are found and white matter is
where tracts are found. In the PNS, ganglia are basically gray matter and
nerves are white matter.

The nervous system can also be divided on the basis of how it controls the
body. The somatic nervous system (SNS) is responsible for functions that
result in moving skeletal muscles. Any sensory or integrative functions that
result in the movement of skeletal muscle would be considered somatic. The
autonomic nervous system (ANS) is responsible for functions that affect
cardiac or smooth muscle tissue, or that cause glands to produce their
secretions. Autonomic functions are distributed between central and peripheral
regions of the nervous system. The sensations that lead to autonomic functions
can be the same sensations that are part of initiating somatic responses.
Somatic and autonomic integrative functions may overlap as well.

A special division of the nervous system is the enteric nervous system, which
is responsible for controlling the digestive organs. Parts of the autonomic
nervous system overlap with the enteric nervous system. The enteric nervous
system is exclusively found in the periphery because it is the nervous tissue
in the organs of the digestive system.

## [ 12.2 Nervous Tissue  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/12-2-nervous-tissue)

Nervous tissue contains two major cell types, neurons and glial cells. Neurons
are the cells responsible for communication through electrical signals. Glial
cells are supporting cells, maintaining the environment around the neurons.

Neurons are polarized cells, based on the flow of electrical signals along
their membrane. Signals are received at the dendrites, are passed along the
cell body, and propagate along the axon towards the target, which may be
another neuron, muscle tissue, or a gland. Many axons are insulated by a
lipid-rich substance called myelin. Specific types of glial cells provide this
insulation.

Several types of glial cells are found in the nervous system, and they can be
categorized by the anatomical division in which they are found. In the CNS,
astrocytes, oligodendrocytes, microglia, and ependymal cells are found.
Astrocytes are important for maintaining the chemical environment around the
neuron and are crucial for regulating the blood-brain barrier.
Oligodendrocytes are the myelinating glia in the CNS. Microglia act as
phagocytes and play a role in immune surveillance. Ependymal cells are
responsible for filtering the blood to produce cerebrospinal fluid, which is a
circulatory fluid that performs some of the functions of blood in the brain
and spinal cord because of the BBB. In the PNS, satellite cells are supporting
cells for the neurons, and Schwann cells insulate peripheral axons.

## [ 12.3 The Function of Nervous Tissue
](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-physiology-2e/pages/12-3-the-
function-of-nervous-tissue)

Sensation starts with the activation of a sensory ending, such as the
thermoreceptor in the skin sensing the temperature of the water. The sensory
endings in the skin initiate an electrical signal that travels along the
sensory axon within a nerve into the spinal cord, where it synapses with a
neuron in the gray matter of the spinal cord. The temperature information
represented in that electrical signal is passed to the next neuron by a
chemical signal that diffuses across the small gap of the synapse and
initiates a new electrical signal in the target cell. That signal travels
through the sensory pathway to the brain, passing through the thalamus, where
conscious perception of the water temperature is made possible by the cerebral
cortex. Following integration of that information with other cognitive
processes and sensory information, the brain sends a command back down to the
spinal cord to initiate a motor response by controlling a skeletal muscle. The
motor pathway is composed of two cells, the upper motor neuron and the lower
motor neuron. The upper motor neuron has its cell body in the cerebral cortex
and synapses on a cell in the gray matter of the spinal cord. The lower motor
neuron is that cell in the gray matter of the spinal cord and its axon extends
into the periphery where it synapses with a skeletal muscle in a neuromuscular
junction.

## [ 12.4 The Action Potential  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-and-
physiology-2e/pages/12-4-the-action-potential)

The nervous system is characterized by electrical signals that are sent from
one area to another. Whether those areas are close or very far apart, the
signal must travel along an axon. The basis of the electrical signal is the
controlled distribution of ions across the membrane. Transmembrane ion
channels regulate when ions can move in or out of the cell, so that a precise
signal is generated. This signal is the action potential which has a very
characteristic shape based on voltage changes across the membrane in a given
time period.

The membrane is normally at rest with established Na+ and K+ concentrations on
either side. A stimulus will start the depolarization of the membrane, and
voltage-gated channels will result in further depolarization followed by
repolarization of the membrane. A slight overshoot of hyperpolarization marks
the end of the action potential. While an action potential is in progress,
another cannot be generated under the same conditions. While the voltage-gated
Na+ channel is inactivated, absolutely no action potentials can be generated.
Once that channel has returned to its resting state, a new action potential is
possible, but it must be started by a relatively stronger stimulus to overcome
the K+ leaving the cell.

The action potential travels down the axon as voltage-gated ion channels are
opened by the spreading depolarization. In unmyelinated axons, this happens in
a continuous fashion because there are voltage-gated channels throughout the
membrane. In myelinated axons, propagation is described as saltatory because
voltage-gated channels are only found at the nodes of Ranvier and the
electrical events seem to “jump” from one node to the next. Saltatory
conduction is faster than continuous conduction, meaning that myelinated axons
propagate their signals faster. The diameter of the axon also makes a
difference as ions diffusing within the cell have less resistance in a wider
space.

## [ 12.5 Communication Between Neurons  ](https://openstax.org/books/anatomy-
and-physiology-2e/pages/12-5-communication-between-neurons)

The basis of the electrical signal within a neuron is the action potential
that propagates down the axon. For a neuron to generate an action potential,
it needs to receive input from another source, either another neuron or a
sensory stimulus. That input will result in opening ion channels in the
neuron, resulting in a graded potential based on the strength of the stimulus.
Graded potentials can be depolarizing or hyperpolarizing and can summate to
affect the probability of the neuron reaching threshold.

Graded potentials can be the result of sensory stimuli. If the sensory
stimulus is received by the dendrites of a unipolar sensory neuron, such as
the sensory neuron ending in the skin, the graded potential is called a
generator potential because it can directly generate the action potential in
the initial segment of the axon. If the sensory stimulus is received by a
specialized sensory receptor cell, the graded potential is called a receptor
potential. Graded potentials produced by interactions between neurons at
synapses are called postsynaptic potentials (PSPs). A depolarizing graded
potential at a synapse is called an excitatory PSP, and a hyperpolarizing
graded potential at a synapse is called an inhibitory PSP.

Synapses are the contacts between neurons, which can either be chemical or
electrical in nature. Chemical synapses are far more common. At a chemical
synapse, neurotransmitter is released from the presynaptic element and
diffuses across the synaptic cleft. The neurotransmitter binds to a receptor
protein and causes a change in the postsynaptic membrane (the PSP). The
neurotransmitter must be inactivated or removed from the synaptic cleft so
that the stimulus is limited in time.

The particular characteristics of a synapse vary based on the neurotransmitter
system produced by that neuron. The cholinergic system is found at the
neuromuscular junction and in certain places within the nervous system. Amino
acids, such as glutamate, glycine, and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) are used
as neurotransmitters. Other neurotransmitters are the result of amino acids
being enzymatically changed, as in the biogenic amines, or being covalently
bonded together, as in the neuropeptides.

